New Years Eve

{The ski lodge is alive with excitement as the inhabitants enjoy the festivities.

Gabriella sits peacefully on a sofa reading as Miss Montez approaches.}

Miss Montez: Gabby, it's New Years Eve. Enough reading.

Gabriella: Oh but, Mom, I'm almost done.

Miss Montez: The teen party? I've laid out your best clothes. Come get ready.

Gabriella: Can I have my book back?

{Miss Montez hands the book to Gabriella}

Gabriella: Thank you.

Miss Montez: Come on.

LODGE GYM

{Mrs. Bolton enters the gym to find her son and husband busy shooting hoops.

Coach Bolton: (bounces ball to Troy) Keep working left, Troy. Got a guard in the championship game we're expectin'. You'll torch 'em!

Troy: By going left?

Coach Bolton: Yeah. He looks middle, you take it downtown.

Troy: OK, like this?

{goes left and nails the shot}

Coach Bolton: Whoo! That's it man. Sweet. I wanna see that in the game.

Mrs. Bolton: Boys?

TroyOh you'll see that in the game, don't worry about me.

Mrs. Bolton: Did we really fly all this way to play more basketball?

{Troy and Coach Bolton look at each other for a moment}

(both) Yeah.

Mrs. Bolton: It's the last night of vacation. The party, remember?

Coach Bolton: Right, the party. The party. New Years Eve.

Mrs. Bolton: Troy, they have a kids party downstairs in the Freestyle club.

Troy: Kid's party?

Mrs. Bolton: Young adults. Now go, shower up.

{Troy takes the ball from his father and bounces it once}

Troy: Come on, one more.

{Mrs. Bolton sighs}

Troy: Last one.

Coach Bolton: Real quick.

{Mrs.Bolton relents}

{As before, Troy nails the shot}

Troy: There we go. That's the way to end it.


FREESTYLE CLUB YOUNG ADULTS PARTY


{The party is in full swing as Troy enters and casually makes his way through the crowd. Gabriella also shly makes her way through the crowd as a partygoer tips his ridiculously large cowboy hat at her}

Partygoer: Howdy, ma'am.

{Gabriella smiles timidly as she finds a unoccupied cushion and goes back to her book}

Host: All right! How about that for a couple of snowboaders?

{The audience cheers loudly}

Host: Yeah! Who's gonna rock the house next? Huh?

{The host steps off the stage as two spotlights move around the crowd and eventually stop on Troy and Gabriella}

Host: Ha-ha! Ho-Ho!

{Troy politely attempts to decline but the kids around him push him closer to the stage.}

Troy: I can't sing. No, you go.

{The host walks to where Gabriella is sitting and takes her hand}

Host: And you! Yeah, come on.

{Gabriella looks scared as she is led to the stage as Troy tries in vain to escape}

Troy: Look I don't sing. I can't sing. No, guys...

Partygoer: Get up there!

{Troy and Gabriella reluctantly get up on the stage}

Host: Hey you know what? Someday you guys might thank me for this.

{Gives the mic to Troy}

Host: Or not.

"Start Of Something New"

{By the end of the song the crowd is cheering madly. Troy and Gabriella look into each other's eyes as Troy raises his hand}

Troy: Troy.

Gabriella: Gabriella.

{They shake hands.}


FREESTYLE CLUB BALCONY

{Troy and Gabriella walk out onto the Freestyle club balcony for a chat over some hot chocolate}

Troy: But seriously, you have an amazing voice. You're a singer right?

Gabriella: Just church choir is all. I tried to do a solo and nearly fainted.

Troy: Really? Why is that?

Gabriella: I took one look at all the people staring at me and next thing I knew I was staring at the ceiling. End of solo career.

Troy: Well with the way you sang tonight, that's pretty hard to believe.

Gabriella: Well that was the first time I did that. I mean, it was so cool!

Troy: I know! Completely!

Gabriella: Well you sounded like you've sung alot, too.

Troy: Yeah sure. My showerhead is very impressed with me.

Crowd: 9, 8, 7...6, 5, 4...3, 2, 1!

{The crowd goes wild as an impressive fireworks display begins. Troy and Gabriella look at each other in a moment of silence before Gabriella breaks the silence}

Gabriella: I guess I better go find my mom and wish her a happy new year.

Troy: Yeah, me too. I mean, not your mom. My mom... and dad. Uh... I'll call you. I'll call you tomorrow.

Gabriella: Yeah!

Troy: Here, put your number in.

{They take out their cell phones}

Troy: Here.

{Troy takes a picture of Gabriella}

Gabriella: You too.

{Troy takes a picture of himself with Gabriella's phone}

Troy: There you go.

{Gabriella walks away without Troy noticing}

Troy: Just so you know, singing with you is the most fun I've had on this entire vacation. So um... where do you live?

{Troy discovers that Gabriella has left. He looks at the picture of her in his phone longingly}

Troy: Gabriella.


One Week Later
Albuquerque, New Mexico


"Wildcats Sing Along"

EAST HIGH SCHOOL

{The school is full of activity. Students are mingling and discussing their vacations. Chad and a cheerleader are having a friendly game of 1-on-1. Troy gets out of the schoolbus and is immediately greeted by his fellow teammates}

Chad: Troy! How ya doing, man?

Troy: Hey, Chad, what's up? Hey, guys, happy new year.

Chad: Yeah. It's a happy Wildcat new year!

Teammate: You're the man!

Chad: In two weeks we're going to the championships with you leading us to infinity and beyond.

(boy) What team?

(all) Wildcats!

(boy) What team?

(all) Wildcats!

{Inside East High School, Sharpay Evans and her brother Ryan strut their way through the crowded hallways}

Kid: Ooh! Whoo-hoo!

{Sharpay walks past the entire Wildcat team, making them get out of her way}

(all) Ooh!

Zeke: The ice princess returned from the North Pole.

Chad: You know, she probably spent the holidays the way she always does.

Troy: How's that?

Chad: Shopping for mirrors.

(all) Ooh!

{The Wildcats and the cheerleaders laugh at Chad's joke as they pass Taylor McKessie and her science posse}

Taylor: Ugh, behold the zoo animals heralding the new year. How tribal

(bell rings)

{At the same time, Gabriella, her mother, and Principal Matsui are walking along another part of the school discussing Gabriella's first day of school}

Gabriella: Mom, my stomach...

Miss Montez: Is always nervous on first day at a new school. You'll do great. You always do, and I made my company promise that I can't be transferred again until you graduate.

Principal Matsui: I reviewed your impressive transcripts. I expect your light will shine very brightly here at East High.

Gabriella: I don't wanna be the school's freaky genius girl again.

Miss Montez: Just be Gabriella.

{Miss Montez kisses Gabriella on the forehead}

Principal Matsui: This way.

{Mrs. Montez waves goodbye to her daughter as Gabriella makes her way up a flight of stairs with Principal Matsui}


HOMEROOM


{The classroom is buzzing while Miss. Darbus sits at the front of the room, reading a script for a play possibly}

Classmates: Troy! Troy! Hey! How's it going? How are you?

{Gabriella walks into the classroom, unaware that Troy is sitting right in front of her. On the other hand Troy is equally oblivious as he is facing the back of the classroom. Gabriella hands some papers to Miss. Darbus}

Gabriella: Miss Darbus?

Jason: (to Troy) So, do you remember the night before?

Troy: No, not at all. All I remember is like, pink jelly. I...

{Troy notices Gabriella as she passes alongside Troy. Gabriella passes Sharpay and Ryan on the way to her seat}

Gabriella: Excuse me.

(boy) Ooh!

{All of a sudden, Sharpay is in front of Troy}

Sharpay: Hi Troy.(giggles)

Troy: (not paying attention) Hi.

(bell rings)

Miss Darbus: I trust you all had splendid holidays. Check the sign-up sheets in the lobby for new activities, Mr. Bolton.

{Troy sits down in his seat after hearing his name}

Miss Darbus: Especially our winter musicale. We will have singles auditions...

Chad: (to Troy) You OK?

Troy: Yeah.

Miss Darbus: ...for our supporting roles and pairs auditions for our two leads.

Chad: Pfft.

{Chad blows a raspberry. Miss Darbus is not amused}

Miss Darbus: Mr. Danforth, this is a place of learning, not a hockey arena.

{Chad puts his basketball on his lap}

Miss Darbus: There is also a final sign-up sheet for next week's scholastic decathlon competition. Chem Club president Taylor McKessie can answer all of your questions about that.

{Troy dials Gabriella's number on his phone. Gabriella's phone rings with Start Of Something New as the ringtone.

Miss Darbus: Ah, the cell phone menace has returned to our crucible of learning.

{Gabriella looks in her bag for her phone. Sharpay and Ryan check their phones.

Sharpay: (to Ryan) Is it our phone?

{Miss Darbus goes around with a can to collect the phones}

Miss Darbus: Sharpay and Ryan, cell phones.

{With a look of injustice, Ryan and Sharpay both relinquish their phones}

Miss Darbus: I will see you in detention.

Sharpay: Ahh.

{Miss Darbus moves to Gabriella}

Miss Darbus: We have zero tolerance for cell phones in class, so we will get to know each other in detention. Cell phone.

{Gabriella puts her phone in the can}

Miss Darbus: And welcome to East High, Miss Montez.

{Miss Darbus now moves on to Troy}

Miss Darbus: Mr. Bolton I see your phone is involved. So we will see you in detention as well.

Chad: That's not even a possibility Miss Darbus. Your Honor, see 'cause we have basketball practice, and Troy...

Miss Darbus: Ah, that will be 15 minutes for you too, Mr. Danforth. Count 'em.

Taylor: That could be tough for Chad, since he probably can't count that high.

Miss Darbus: Taylor McKessie, 15 minutes.

{Taylor gasps}

Miss Darbus: Shall the carnage continue? Holidays are over, people Way over! Now any more comments, questions?

{Jason timidly raises his hand}

Miss Darbus: Jason.

Jason: So how were your holidays Miss Darbus?

{The entire class looks at Jason}

Jason: What?

(bell rings)

{The class leaves and heads for the next class. Gabriella is the last to leave. Troy waits outside the classroom for Gabriella}

Chad: Sorry, man. See you in detention.

Troy: Oh, see you later. It's all good.

Jason: Uhh, she's crazy.

{Gabriella finally emerges. Troy gets alongside her}

Troy: Hey!

Gabriella: I don't...

Troy: Believe it.

Gabriella: Well me...

Troy: Either. But how?

Gabriella: Well my mom's company transferred her here to Albuquerque.I can't believe you live here. I looked for you at the lodge on New Years Day.

Troy: (whispering) I know, but we had to leave first thing.

Gabriella: Why are you whispering?

Troy: What? Oh, uh... well my friends know about the snowboarding. Um, I haven't quite told them about the singing thing.

Student: (to Troy) Hey, what's up?

Troy: Hey.

Gabriella: Too much for them to handle?

Troy: No, it was cool. But, you know, my friends, it's uh... it's not what I do. That was, like,a different person.

{Gabriella suddenly turns and goes down a hallway as Troy finishes his sentence}

Troy: So, uh... anyway, welcome to East High. Oh, now that you've met Miss Darbus, I bet you just can't wait to sign up for that.
{Troy points at the winter musical sign-up sheet tacked on the bulletin board}

Gabriella: I won' be signing up for anything for awhile. I just wanna get to know the school. But if you sign up, I'd consider coming to the show.

Troy: Yeah, yeah. That's completey impossible.

{Out of nowhere, Sharpay!}

Sharpay: What's impossible, Troy? I wouldn't think impossible is even in your vocabulary.

{Sharpay notices Gabriella}

Sharpay: Oh, so nice of you to show our new classmate around.

{Sharpay takes out a red pen and signs her name in big letters on the sign-up sheet}

Sharpay: Oh, were you gonna sign up too? My brother and I have starred in all the school's productions and we really welcome newcomers. There are alot of supporting roles in the show. I'm sure we could find something for you.

Gabriella: No, no, no. I was just looking at all the bulletin boards. Lots going on at this school. Wow.

{Gabriella notices Sharpay's name on the sign-up sheet}

Gabriella: Nice penmanship.

{Gabriella walks to her next class while Sharpay glares at her}

Sharpay: So, Troy. I missed you during vacation. What'd you do?

Troy: You know, um... played basketball, snowboarding, more basketball.

Sharpay: When's the big game?

Troy: Uh, two weeks.

Sharpay: You are so dedicated. Just like me. I hope you come watch me in the musical. Promise?

{Troy nods in agreement. As Troy turns to leave, Sharpay says...}

Sharpay: Toodles!

Troy: (in a whisper) Toodles.

{Sharpay's smile turns to a glare as she looks in the direction that Gabriella took as she walks off}


BASKETBALL PRACTICE


{Troy looks conflicted for a moment. He then launches into a short conversation with Chad}

Troy: So,dude, you know that school musical thing? Is it true you get extra credit just for auditioning?

Chad: Who cares?

Troy: You know it's always good to get extra credit... for college...

Chad: You ever think that Lebron James or Shaquille O'Neal auditioned for their school musical?

Troy: Maybe.

Chad: Troy. Look, the music in those shows isn't hip hop, ok or rock, or anything essential to culture. It's like show music. It's all costumes and makeup... Oh, dude, it's frightening.

Troy: Yeah, I know. I just thought it might be a good laugh, you know. Sharpay's kinda cute, too

Chad: So is a mountain lion. But you don't pet it.

Troy: (sighs) All right Wildcats! Pair up! Let's go! Come on!

"Getcha Head In The Game"


SCIENCE CLASS


{The class is working on their assignment and Sharpay decides to have a little chat with Gabriella}

Sharpay: So, it seemed like you knew Troy Bolton.

Gabriella: Not really. He was just showing me around.

Sharpay:(laughs) Well, Troy doesn't usually interact with new students.

Gabriella: (glancing at the chalkboard) Uh, why not?

Sharpay: Well, it's pretty much basketball 24/7 with him.

Gabriella: That should be 16 over pi...

Teacher: Yes, Miss Montez?

Gabriella: Oh, I'm sorry, I just... Uh... Shouldn't the second equation read 16 over pi?

{Sharpay rolls her eyes}

Teacher: 16 over pi? Tha's quite impossible.

{The teacher checks it on her calculator}

Teacher: I stand corrected.

{The teacher corrects the equation on the chalkboard}

Teacher: Oh... and welcome aboard.

{Sharpay seems offended}

{Troy stops at the sign-up sheet and eyes it for a few seconds before moving on as Ryan observes. As Troy moves on, Sharpay comes along as Ryan pulls her aside}

Ryan: Troy Bolton was looking at our audition list.

Sharpay: Again? You know, he was hanging around with that new girl and they were both looking at the list. There's something freaky about her. Where did she say she was from?

{Ryan is staring at the list. Sharpay scoffs and struts off as Ryan follows. Sharpay does a search for Gabriella Montez on the internet}

Ryan: (on seeing an article about Gabriella) Wow! An Einsteinette. So why do you think she's interested in our musical?

Sharpay: I'm not sure that she is. And we needn't concern ourselves with amateurs. But... there is no harm in making certain that Gabriella's welcome to school activities that are... well , appropriate for her. After all... she loves pi.

{Sharpay prints Gabriella's article and takes it}


AUDITORIUM

Detention
Darbus Style


Miss Darbus: Gold! More gold!

{Walks by Troy and Chad to inspect their work. Notices Gabriella}

Miss Darbus: Paint, paint! Let's go!

{As Miss Darbus walks off, Taylor McKessie hurries excitedly over to Gabriella, holding the printed article about Gabriella}

Taylor: (to Gabriella) The answer is yes!

Gabriella: Huh?

Taylor: Our scholastic decathlon team has it's first competition next week, and there is certainly a spot for you.

Gabriella: (noticing the printouts in Taylor's hand) Where did those come from?

Taylor: Didn't you put them in my locker?

Gabriella: Of course not.

Taylor: Oh, well, we'd love to have you on our team. We meet almost everyday after school. Please?

Gabriella: I need to catch up on the curriculum here before I think about joining any clubs.

Sharpay: Well, what a perfect way to get caught up. Meeting with the smartest kids in school. What a generous offer, Taylor.

{The conversation has not gone unnoticed...}

Miss Darbus: So many new faces in detention today. I hope you don't make a habit of it, but the drama club could always use an extra hand. And while we are working, let us probe the mounting evils of cell phones.

{Meanwhile in the gym}

Coach Bolton: Come on guys, huddle up! We got two weeks to the big game.

{Looks around}

Coach Bolton: Where's Troy and Chad?

{Silence from the team. Coach Bolton is not pleased}

Coach Bolton: Don't make me ask again.

{Silence again. Coach Bolton has had it}

Coach Bolton: WHERE'S TROY AND CHAD?!

(all) Detention.

Coach Bolton: (sighs)

{Coach Bolton storms off to the auditorium. Meanwhile in the audtitorium, Chad has fallen asleep and Troy is tickling his nose with a paper leaf}

Miss Darbus: Perhaps the most heinous example of cell phone abuse is ringing in the theater. What temerity! The theater is a temple of art. A precious cornucopia of creative energy.

{Coach Bolton arrives and is not happy}

Coach Bolton: Where's my team, Darbus?

{Coach Bolton notices Troy and Chad in the prop tree}

Coach Bolton: What the heck are those two doing in a tree?

Miss Darbus: It's called crime and punishment, Bolton. Besides, proximity to the arts is cleansing for the soul.

Coach Bolton: (to Miss Darbus) Can we have a talk, please? (to Troy and Chad) And you two, in the gym, now!

{Troy and Chad get out of the tree and leave the auditorium}


PRINCIPAL'S OFFICE

Coach Bolton: If they have to paint sets for detention, they could do it tonight, not during my practice.

Miss Darbus: If these were theater performers instead of athletes, would you seek special treatment?

Coach Bolton: Darbus, we are days away from our biggest game of the year.

Miss Darbus: And we, Bolton, are in the midst of our auditions for our winter musicale as well! This school is about more than just young men in baggy shorts flinging balls for touchdowns!

Coach Bolton: Baskets! They shoot baskets.

Principal Matsui: Stop! Guys listen, you've been having this arguement since the day you both started teaching here. We are one school, one student body, ONE FACULTY! Can we not agree on that?

{Coach Bolton and Miss Darbus shoot each other a glare}

Principal Matsui: So, Coach, how's the team lookin'? Troy got 'em whipped into shape?

Miss Darbus: Oh!

{Miss Darbus storms off as Principal Matsui shoots a little ball into a miniature basket}

{Back in the Gym}

Coach Bolton: West High Knights have knocked us out of the playoffs three years running, and now we are one game away from taking that championship right back from 'em! It's time to make our stand. The team is you. You are the team. And this team does not exist unless each and every one of you is fully focused on our goal. Am I clear?

Chad: Hey, what team?!

All: Wildats!

Chad: What team?

All: Wildcats!

Chad: What team?

All: Wildcats!

Chad: Wildcats!

All: GET YOUR HEAD IN THE GAME!


AFTER SCHOOL


Taylor: We've never made it past the first round of the scholastic decathlon. You could be our answered prayer.

Gabriella: I'm gonna focus on my studies this semester and help my mom get the new house organized. Maybe next year.

Taylor: But...

Gabriella: What do you know about Troy Bolton?

Taylor: Troy? Hmm... I wouldn't consider myself an expert on that particular sub-species, however, unless you speak cheerleader, as in (to the group of cheeleaders they just walked up behind) Oh, my gosh! Isn't Troy Bolton just the hottie super-bomb?

Cheerleaders: Oh, he's beautiful.

{The cheerleaders talk amongst themselves as Gabriella and Taylor walk on}

Taylor: Ha-ha. See what I mean?

Gabriella: I guess I don't know how to speak cheerleader.

Taylor: Which is why we exist in an alternate universe to Troy the basketball boy.

Gabriella: Well, have you tried to get to know him?

Taylor: Watch how it works in the cafeteria tomorrow when you have lunch with us. Unless you'd rather sit with the cheerleaders and discuss the importance of firm nail beds.

Gabriella: (holds up hands) My nail beds are history.

Taylor: (puts up her hands) Sister!

{They giggle as they walk off}


BOLTON HOME


{Troy and his father are in the backyard baskeball court getting in some after-school practice}

Coach Bolton: I still don't understand this whole detention thing.

Troy: It was my fault. Sorry, Dad.

Coach Bolton: Cross court. You know Darbus will take any oppourtunity to bust my chops. That includes yours too.

Troy: Hey, Dad? Did you ever think about trying something new, but were afraid of what your friends might think?

Coach Bolton: You mean like, going left? You're doing fine. Come on.

Troy: Well... no. I mean what if you wanna try something really new and it's a total disaster and all your friends laugh at you.

Coach Bolton: Well then, maybe they're not really your friends. And that was my whole point about team today. You guys gotta look out for each other, and you're the leader.

Troy: Dad, I'm not talking...

Coach Bolton: There's gonna be college scouts at our game next week, Troy. Know what a scholarship is worth these days?

Troy: (nods his head in defeat) A lot.

Coach Bolton: Yeah. Focus. Troy, come on.

{Troy once again nails the shot}

Coach Bolton: Whoo!

{Troy takes a breather}

NEXT DAY

{Sharpay hands Miss Darbus a small box}

Sharpay: Just something for you.

{Sharpay returns to her seat as the rest of the class files in. Troy and Gabriella are exchanging glances}

Miss Darbus: Well, I expect we all learned our homeroom manners yesterday, people, correct? If not, we have some dressing rooms that need painting.

{Troy and Gabriella giggle}

Miss Darbus: Now, a few announcements. This morning during free period will be your chance for the musicale auditions, both singles and pairs.

{Sharpay claps with childlike excitement as she beams at Miss Darbus}

Miss Darbus: I will be in the theater until noon for those of you bold enough to extend the wingspan of your creative spirit.

Chad: (to Troy) What time is she due back on the mothership?

{Troy and Chad snicker at the joke as Miss Darbus continues}

Miss Darbus: Now today, we are going to discuss the importance of Shakespeare...


HALLWAY


{Chad walks up to Troy who has just closed his locker}

Chad: Yo! What's up, man?

Troy: What's up?

Chad: Hey, so, um, the whole team's hitting the gym during free period. What do you want to have us run?

Troy: Uh, dude, you know what, I can't make it. I gotta catch up on some homework.

Chad: What? Hello, it's only the second day back. I'm not even behind on homework yet. And you know, I've been behind on homework since preschool.

{Troy forces a chuckle}

Troy: That's hilarious. I'll catch you later.

{Chad knows something is up}

Chad: Homework? There's no way.

{Chads follows Troy to a classroom}

Student: Hey, how's it going?

Troy: Just hanging.

Student: Good to see you.

Chad: What's he doing?

Student: (Shakes Chad's hand while giving Troy the distraction he needed to get away) How's it going, man?

{Chad searches the room for Troy who took a different way out of the classroom and walks right past Chad who is still looking for him. Chad eventually follows Troy to a stairwell where he loses Troy completely. Troy makes his way across a outdoor area as his father spots him, but Troy manages to give Coach Bolton the slip. Troy walks though a garage and hides briefly behind a stripped chassis. Troy is seen by a mechanic}

Troy: (to mechanic) Short-cut

{Mechanic checks his watch}

Troy: I'm late for class.

{Troy walks into the auditorium through the backstage entrance wheeling a janitor's cart with a mop sticking up}

Boy: That's good, just leave it here.

{Troy hides as the hopefuls for the musical file in with Miss Darbus at the head of the group and Kelsi right behind her. Miss Darbus and Kelsi walk onto stage as Miss Darbus addresses the small audience}

Miss Darbus: This is where the true expression of the artist is realized. Where inner truth is revealed through the actor's journey...(bell rings) Was that a cell phone?

{The members of the audience check themselves to see if their phone went off}

Audience Member: Is it mine?

Kelsi: No, ma'am. That was the warning bell.

Miss Darbus: Ah! Those wishing to audition must understand that time is of the essence. We have many roles to cast and final callbacks will be next week.

{Troy has made his way to the back of the auditorium and is observing the proceedings from behind the janitor's cart as Miss Darbus continues}

Miss Darbus: First, you will sing a few bars and I will give you a sense of whether or not the theater is your calling. Better to hear it from me now than from your friends later. Our composer, Kelsi Nielson, will accompany you and be available for rehearsals prior to callbacks. Shall we?

First singer:
(off-key) It's hard to believe that I couldn't see
That you were always right beside me
This feeling's like no other
I want you to know (forgets the rest of the song)

Miss Darbus: Uh-huh. Yes, thank you. Next.

Alan:
(badly off-key) It's hard to believe
That I couldn't sneeze... see
(Sharpay and Ryan are shocked by the error)
That you were always right there next to beside me (continues)

Miss Darbus: Alan, I admire your pluck. As to your singing... That's a wonderful tie you're wearing. Next!

Third singer:
(off-key) It's hard to believe that I couldn't see
That you were(winks at Miss Darbus) always right beside me
This feeling's like no other
I want you to (winks at Miss Darbus again) know

Miss Darbus: Uh... stop.

Cindra:
(high pitched) ...so lonely before I finally found
What I've been looking... for (holding note)

Miss Darbus: Ah... Cindra. What courage to pursue a note that has not been accessed in the natural world. Bravo! Brava! Perhaps the spring musicale.

{Cindra's smile vanishes as she looks over to Kelsi who flashes her a "better luck next time" smile. Cindra makes a squeak and walks off. The next student to audition does a ballet routine, which Miss Darbus seems to enjoy. His audtition ends when he crashes off-stage}

Disturbed Girl: (spoken) It's hard to believe that I could not see

Disturbed Boy: Couldn't see

Disturbed Girl: That you were always right beside me

Disturbed Boy: Beside me

Disturbed Girl: Thought I was alone

Disturbed Boy: Alone

{Sharpay looks at Ryan who appears to be deeply entranced by the strange display}

Disturbed Girl: With no one to hold

Disturbed Boy: To hold

Disturbed Girl: But you were right beside me

Disturbed Boy: Beside me

{By this point, the disturbed couple are on their knees rolling around on the floor|

Miss Darbus: Well, that was just... very disturbing. Go see a counselor. Uhh. Next!

{Gabriella comes up behind Troy and startles him}

Gabriella: Hey! So you decided to sign up for something?

Troy: Uh... No. You?

Gabriella: No. Um... why are you hiding behind a mop? Your friends don't know you're here, right?

Troy: Right.

{Kelsi plays the intro to the song, but the sixth singer is overcome with stagefright and just freezes}

Miss Darbus: Thank you. Next.

{The sixth singer runs off the stage in shame}

Troy: Um... Miss Darbus is a little... harsh.

Gabriella: The Wildcat superstar's afraid?

TroyNo! No, I'm not afraid, I... I'm just... scared.

Gabriella: Me too... usually.

Miss Darbus: And for the lead roles of Arnold and Minnie we only have one couple signed up.(Troy and Gabriella both hide behind the cart) Sharpay and Ryan. I think it might be useful for you to give us a sense of why we gather in this hallowed hall.

{As they get up to go on stage, Sharpay stops Ryan so she can go first. Ryan rolls his eyes. Troy and Gabriella take seats}

Kelsi: (to Ryan) What key?

Ryan: Oh, we had our rehearsal pianist do an arrangement.

Kelsi: (in defeat) Oh.

{Sharpay snaps her fingers and the curtain close. As part of their pre-show warmup, they both whinnie like horses}

Sharpay: Go!

*What I've Been Looking For Reprise*

Sharpay: (to Ryan as the song ends) I told you not to do the jazz squares.

Ryan: It's a crowd favorite. Everybody loves a good jazz square

{Sharpay shoots a look at Kelsi, who immediately puts on a fake smile and starts clapping. The rest of the small audience applauds}

Miss Darbus: Well... (Troy and Gabriella hide) Are there any last minute sign-ups?

Ryan: Don't be discouraged. The theater club needs more than just singers. It needs fans too. Buy tickets!

Kelsi: (to Sharpay) Oh, actually, if you do the part with that particular song, I imagined it much slower...

Sharpay: If we do the part? Kelsi, my sawed-off Sondheim, I've been in 17 school productions. And how many times have your compositions been selected?

Kelsi: This would be the first.

Sharpay: Which tells us what?

Kelsi: That I need to write you more solos?

Sharpay: No. It tells us that you do not offer direction, suggestion, or commentary. And you should be thankful that me and Ryan are here to lift your music out of it's current obscurity. Are we clear?

Kelsi: Yes ma'am. I mean, Sharpay.

Sharpay: (puts on a sickly sweet grin) Nice talking to you.

Miss Darbus: Any last-minute sign-ups?

Troy: (quietly, to Gabriella) We should go.

Miss Darbus: No? Good. Done.

{Gabriella does something unexpected}

Gabriella: I'd like to audition, Miss Darbus.

{Troy stands in shock over what Gabriella just did}

Miss Darbus: Timeliness means something in the world of theater, young lady. The individual auditions are long, long over and there are simply no other pairs.

Troy: (from his hiding spot) I'll sing with her.

Miss Darbus: Troy Bolton? Where is your sports posse or whatever it's called?

Troy: Team.

Miss Darbus: Ah.

Troy: Um, but I'm here alone. Actually I came to sing with her.

Miss Darbus: Yes, well, we take these shows very seriously here at East High. I called for the pairs audition, and you didn't respond. Free period is now over.

Troy: (about Gabriella) She has an amazing voice.

Miss Darbus: Perhaps the next musicale.

{As Troy and Gabriella turn to look at Miss Darbus leaving, Kelsi gets up from the piano and trips, throwing her papers all over the place. Troy and Gabriella run up to the stage to help}

Troy: (to Kelsi) So, you're a composer?

{Kelsi just stares at Troy}

Troy: You wrote the song Ryan and Sharpay just sang? And the entire show?

{Kelsi manages a weak nod}

Troy: Well, that's really cool. I, uh, can't wait to hear the rest of the show.

{Troy offers his hand to Kelsi. She takes it, and he helps her up. Kelsi looks terrified}

Troy: So, why are you so afraid of Ryan and Sharpay? I mean, it is your show.

Kelsi: It is?

Troy: Isn't the composer of a show kinda like the playmaker in basketball?

Kelsi: Playmaker?

Troy: You know, the one who makes everyone else look good. I mean, without you there is no show. You're the playmaker here Kelsi.

Kelsi: (beaming at Troy) I am?

{Troy nods in confirmation while Gabriella smiles}

Kelsi: Do you wanna hear how the duet's supposed to sound?

{Kelsi walks over to the piano as Troy and Gabriella follow}

*What I've Been Looking For*

Troy: Wow. That's nice.

Miss Darbus: (out of nowhere) Bolton, Montez - you have a callback. Kelsi, give them the duet from the second act. Work on it with them.

Kelsi: All right. If you guys wanna rehearse, I'm usually here during free period and after school, and even sometimes during biology class. You can come and rehearse anytime. Or you can come to my house for breakfast. I have a piano, we can rehearse there. After school, before school - whatever works. After basketball class...

{Kelsi says more to Gabriella who is happy to listen, while Troy is not so enthusiastic}

Troy: What?


NEXT DAY


Sharpay: Callback?! Aah! (starts fanning herself)

Ryan: "Callback for roles Arnold and Minnie next Thursday, 3:30pm. Ryan and Sharpay Evans, Gabriella Montez and Troy Bolton."

Sharpay: Is this some kind of joke? They didn't even audition!

Ryan: Maybe we're being punked?

Sharpay: What?

Ryan: Maybe we're being filmed right now. Maybe we'll get to meet Ashton!

Sharpay: Oh, shut up, Ryan!

{The Wildcat team arrives minus Troy}

Chad: (laughing) What's wrong?

{Chad looks at the callback sheet. Chad has a look like he's just seen a ghost}

Chad: What?

Sharpay: Uhh!

{Chad, the WIldcats, Sharpay, and Ryan go to the cafeteria}


CAFETERIA


{Sharpay is angrily pacing back and forth}

Sharpay: How dare she sign up! I've already picked out the colors for my dressing room.

Ryan: And she hasn't even asked our permission to join the drama club.

Sharpay: Someone's gotta tell her the rules.

Ryan: Exactly. (pauses) And what are the rules?

Sharpay: (frustratedly) Ohh!

*Stick To The Status Quo*

{Gabriella slips on some spilt milk and tosses her lunch tray into the air. The lunch consisting of french fries lands right on Sharpay}

Sharpay: Aah!

Gabriella: I am so sorry.

{Gabriella tries in vain to remove the fries from Sharpay who is on the verge of hyperventilating. Taylor pull Gabriella away. At the same time Troy arrives and is stopped by Chad as he tries to see what's going on}

Chad: (to Troy) You do not want to get into that, man. Too much drama.

Troy: Yeah.

Miss Darbus: What is going on here?

Sharpay: Look at this! That Gabriella girl just dumped her lunch on me. On purpose! It's all part of their plan to ruin our musical. And Troy and his basketball robots are obviously behind it. Why do you think he auditioned? After all the hard work you've put into this show. It just doesn't seem right.

Troy: (to Chad) What's up?

Chad: What's up? Oh, let's see... Umm, you missed free-period workout yesterday to audition for some heinous musical. And now suddenly people are... confessing.

{Zeke walks by. Chad grabs him}

Chad: Yeah, and Zeke. Zeke is baking,,, creme brulee.

Troy: Ah, what's that?

Zeke: (excitedly) Oh, it's a creamy custard-like filling with a carmelized surface. It's really satisfying.

Chad: Shut up, Zeke!

{Zeke turns away dejectedly and joins some skater dudes sitting in the background}

Chad: Look... do you see what's happening here, man? Our team is coming apart because of your singing thing. Even the drama geeks and the brainiacs suddenly think that they can... talk to us.

{Chad points to the skater dudes who are chatting with Zeke}

Chad: Look, the skater dudes are mingling.

Skater dudes: Yo!

Chad: Suddenly people think that they can do other stuff. Stuff that is not their stuff. They've got you thinking about show tunes, when we've got a playoff game next week.

{Chad leaves}


MEN'S LOCKER ROOM


{Coach Bolton sits in his office reading a paper while eating a sandwich. At the same time Miss Darbus enters and makes her way down the aisles of lockers and showers}

Boy: Whoa!

Miss Darbus: Ooh!

Boy: Head's up!

{One of the boys throws a towel, nearly hitting Miss Darbus. Nevertheless she continues. She finally arrives at Coach Bolton's office}

Miss Darbus: Alright Bolton. Cards on the table right now.

Coach Bolton: Huh?

Miss Darbus: You're tweaked because I put your stars in detention and now you're getting even.

Coach Bolton: What are you talking about, Darbus?

Miss Darbus: Your all-star son turned up at my audition. Now, I give every student an even chance, which is a long and honorable tradition in the theater. Something you wouldn't understand. But, if he is planning sort of a practical joke in my chapel of the arts...

Coach Bolton: Troy doesn't even sing.

Miss Darbus: Oh, well, you're wrong about that. But I will not allow my Twinkle Town musicale to be made into farce.

Coach Bolton: (mockingly) Twinkle Town?

Miss Darbus: See? I knew it.

Coach Bolton: Hey...

Miss Darbus: I knew it!

Coach Bolton: Sounds like a winner. Good luck on Broadway!

{Miss Darbus promptly leaves the locker room in a huff}


OUTDOOR EATING AREA


{Gabriella and Taylor discuss the incident in the cafeteria}

Gabriella: Is Sharpay really, really mad at me? I said I was sorry.

Taylor: Look, no one has beaten out Sharpay for a musical since kindergarten.

Gabriella: I wasn't trying to beat anyone out. We didn't even audition, we were just singing.

Taylor: You won't convince Sharpay of that. I'm telling you, if that girl could figure out a way to play both Romeo and Juliet her own brother would be aced out of a job.

Gabriella: I told you it just happened, but I liked it. A lot. Did you ever feel like there's this whole other person inside of you just looking for a way to come out?

Taylor: Not really, no.

{Taylor looks at Gabriella and giggles. The bell rings announcing that lunch is over}

Taylor: Let's go.


SHARPAY'S LOCKER


{Sharpay opens her locker to examine the damage to her clothes as Zeke approaches}

Zeke: Hey, Sharpay, I thought that since Troy Bolton's gonna be in your show...

Sharpay: (holding her finger up) Troy Bolton is not in my show.

Zeke: OK, umm... well, I just thought maybe you could watch me play ball sometime or something.

Sharpay: I'd rather stick pins in my eyes.

Zeke: Wouldn't that be awfully uncomfortable?

Sharpay: (with venom) Evaporate, tall person!

{Sharpay storms off}

Zeke: (calling after her) I bake! If that helps.


GABRIELLA'S LOCKER


{Gabriella opens her locker allowing a note to fall. She picks up the note and reads it. A smile appears on her face as the scene changes}


SCIENCE CLUB ROOF


{We find that it was Troy who left the note in Gabriella's locker, and that he is waiting for her. Gabriella arrives}

Gabriella: Wow! It's like a jungle up here.

Troy: Yeah, just like that cafeteria.

Gabriella: Where I just humiliated myself into the next century.

Troy: No! Come on.

Gabriella: So this is your private hideout?

Troy: Yeah. Thanks to the science club. Which means that my buddies don't even know it exists.

Gabriella: You pretty much have the school wired, don't you Troy? Seems to me like everyone on campus wants to be your friend.

Troy: Unless we lose.

Gabriella: I'm sure it's tricky being the coach's son.

Troy: Makes me practice a little harder, I guess. I don't know what he's gonna say when he finds out about the singing.

Gabriella: You worried?

Troy: My parents friends are always saying, "Your son's the basketball guy. You must be so proud." Sometimes I don't wanna be the "basketball guy." I just wanna be a guy. You know?

Gabriella: I saw the way you treated Kelsi at the audition yesterday. Do your friends know that guy?

Troy: To them, I'm the playmaker dude.

Gabriella: Then they don't know enough about you, Troy. At my other schools I was the freaky math girl. It's cool coming here and being anyone I wanna be. When I was singing with you I just felt like... a girl.

Troy: You even look like one, too.

{Gabriella giggles softly at Troy's joke}

Gabriella: Do you remember in kindergarten how you'd meet a kid and know nothing about them, then ten seconds later you're playing like you're best friends because you didn't have to be anything but yourself.

Troy: Yeah.

Gabriella: Singing with you felt like that.

Troy: Well, um... I never thought about singing. That's for sure. Till you.

Gabriella: So you really wanna do the callbacks?

Troy: Hey, just call me me freaky callback boy.

Gabriella: (giggling) You're a cool guy, Troy. But not for the reasons your friends think. And thanks for showing me your top-secret hiding place. Like kindergarten.

{Bell rings. Troy and Gabriella both sigh as Troy takes Gabriella's hand as they get back inside}


SCHOOL


{We see Kelsi in the music classroom sitting at the piano, writing, "Breaking Free". Next we see Troy practicing the song in a locked room as Ryan hears Troy and tries to investigate but due to the locked door, can't get in. Next we see Gabriella in the girl's bathroom, practicing the same song as Sharpay approaches. Gabriella hides and narrowly avoids Sharpay. Next we see Gabriella rehearsing with Kelsi, and then Troy rehearses with Kelsi}


GYM


Coach Bolton: (blows his whistle while running a drill) Let's go, guys! Make it sharp! To the chest, come on! Pop it! Come on, guys. Step with it! Let's go! (gets over to Chad) Come on, move it! Let's go! Come on guys, focus! Focus! Get your head in the game! Move it! (gets to Jason and takes the ball) You seen Troy?

Jason: (nervously) No... Coach.

Coach Bolton: (blows whistle) Again, let's go!


AUDITORIUM


{Troy is painting a set piece while Gabriella is helping to sew a costume. They both look at each other and begin moving to the beat of the song in their minds, until Miss Darbus walks over and gives them her stern look}



GYM



{Whistle blows. Practice is over}

Coach Bolton: That's it, guys. Let's hit the showers. (to a teammate) Good hustle. Let's see that in the game.

{As the rest of the team is leaving, Troy shows up. Chad shoves the ball into Troy's stomach as he passes. Coach Bolton does not look happy. There is an uncomfortable silence between the two. Neither is willing to look the other in the eye}

Troy: I, uh... think I'm gonna stay a while. Work on some free throws.

Coach Bolton: Well, since you missed practice, I think your team deserves a little effort from you today.

{Coach Bolton leaves the gym. As he does, Gabriella appears behind Troy}

Gabriella: Wow. So this is your real stage.

Troy: (chuckles at Gabriella's wording) Yeah. I guess you could call it that. Or just a smelly gym.

{Troy hands the ball to Gabriella who shoots the ball and makes the basket, impressing Troy}

Troy: Whoa! Don't tell me your good at hoops, too.

Gabriella: You know, I once scored 41 points on a league championship game.

Troy: No way.

Gabriella: Mm-hm. Yeah, and in the same day, I invented the space shuttle and microwave popcorn.

Troy: Oh! Microwave popcorn. Ha-ha. Funny.

{Troy shoots the ball and makes another great basket}

Gabriella: I've been rehearsing with Kelsi.

Troy: Me, too. And, um, by the way, I missed practice. So if I get kicked off the team it should be on your conscience.

Gabriella: (getting a bit defensive) Hey, I wasn't the one who told you to sing...

Troy: (becoming playful) Gabriella, chill.

{Gabriella decides to take the ball from Troy}

Troy: (as Gabriella takes the ball away) Hey, that's traveling. (door opens) No that's really bad traveling.

Gabriella: What? What?

{Troy runs up behind Gabriella and picks her up and spins making her laugh as the door that opened closes}

Coach Bolton: Miss! I'm sorry, this is a closed practice.

Troy: (taken aback by his father) Dad, come on, practice is over.

Coach Bolton: Not till the last player leaves the gym. Team rule.

Gabriella: Oh, I'm sorry, sir.

Troy: Um, Dad, this is Gabriella Montez.

Coach Bolton: (rudely) Ah, your detention buddy.

{Gabriella's warm smile fades as she hands the ball back to Troy}

Gabriella: I'll see you later, Troy. Nice meeting you, Coach Bolton.

{Gabriella runs out of the gym}

Coach Bolton: (calling after her in a montone voice) You as well, Miss Montez.

{Troy and Coach Bolton wait untill Gabriella is out of earshot to continue}

Troy: Dad, detention was my fault, not hers.

Coach Bolton: You haven't missed practice in three years. That girl shows up...

Troy: That girl is named Gabriella. And she's very nice.

Coach Bolton: Well, helping you miss practice doesn't make her very nice. Not in my book. Or your team's.

Troy: (raising his voice) Dad, she's not a problem. She's just a girl.

Coach Bolton: (shouting) But you're not just a guy, Troy. (softly) You're the team leader. What you do effects not only this team, but the entire school. And without you completely focused, we're not gonna win next week.The championship games - they don't come along all the time. They're something special.

Troy: Yeah, well a lot of things are special, Dad.

Coach Bolton: But you're a playmaker... not a singer, right?

Troy: Did you ever think maybe I could be both?

{Coach Bolton has no answer. Troy drops the ball and walks away. As he leaves the gym, we see that the rest of the team has been outside the whole time, eavesdropping}

Jason: What?

Chad: Let's go.


NEXT DAY - SCHOOL LIBRARY


Chad: What spell has this elevated-IQ temptress girl cast that suddenly makes you wanna be in a musical?

Troy: Look, I just did it. Who cares?

Chad: Who cares? How about your most loyal best friend?

Miss Falsaff: Quiet in here, Mr. Danforth.

Chad: (feigning innocence) It's him Miss Falsaff, not me.

{Miss Falsaff moves on}

Chad: (to Troy) Look, (spins his basketball on his finger) you're a hoops dude, not a musical singer person.

Chad: hands the ball to Troy, who sighs, and tosses it right back to Chad}

Chad: Have you ever seen Michael Crawford on a cereal box?

Troy: Who's Michael Crawford?

Chad: Exactly my point. He was the Phantom of the Opera on Broadway. Now my mom has seen that musical 27 times, and put Michael Crawford's picture in our refrigerator. Yeah, not on it, in it. So my point is, if you play basketball, you're gonna end up on a cereal box. If you sing in musicals, you'll end up in my mom's refrigerator.

Troy: Why would she put his picture in her refrigerator?

Chad: One of her crazy diet ideas. Look, I, I don't attempt to understand the female mind, Troy.

{Miss Falsaff appears again}

Chad: It's frightening territory. How can you expect the rest of us to be focused on a game if you're off somewhere in leotards singing "Twinkle Town"?

Troy: No one said anything about leotards.

Chad: Not yet, my friend, but just you wait. Look, we need you Captain. Big time.

Miss Falsaff: Mr. Danforth.

Chad: I tried to tell him, Miss Falsaff. (to Troy) Really tried.


CLASSROOM


{Chad, Zeke, and Jason march into the science classroom and walk up to Taylor, as Sharpay and Ryan observe}

Sharpay: Something isn't right.

{They move closer so as to get a better view, but they can't hear much}

Chad: (to Taylor) Hey, look. We need to talk.

Taylor: Go.

{Sharpay and Ryan see Chad and Taylor talking}

Ryan: They must be trying to figure out a way to make sure Troy and Gabriella actually beat us out. Now, the jocks rule most of the school, but if they get Troy into the musical, then they've conquered the entire student body.

Sharpay: And if those science girls get Gabriella hooked up with Troy Bolton, the scholastic club goes from drool to cool. (gets a frightening image) Ryan, we need to save our show from people who don't know the difference between a Tony Award and (loathingly) Tony Hawk.

{Sharpay and Ryan both walk away}

Taylor: (to Chad) Do you really think that's gonna work?

Chad: It's the only way to save Troy and Gabriella from themselves. So we on?

Taylor: Yeah.

Chad: Good. So we start tomorrow then.

Taylor: OK, the first thing.

Chad: Nice. (to Zeke and Jason) Let's go.


NEXT DAY - OUTSIDE


{Chad comes out from behind a statue as Taylor arrives to make her delivery: a laptop with a webcam}

Chad: So, my watch is 7:45 Moutain Standard time. We synched?

Taylor: Whatever.

Chad: All right, then we're on a go mode for lunch period, exactly 12:05.

Taylor: Yes, Chad, we're a go. But we're not Charlie's Angels, OK?

{Taylor hands Chad the equipment}

Chad: I can dream, can't I?



INSIDE THE SCHOOL



{The various students are heading to their classrooms. Troy is looking around the men's locker room, searching for his teammates, but with no luck so far. He goes a bit further and finds them all gathered around a table filled with pictures and trophies}

Chad: (to Troy) "Spider" Bill Netrine, class of '72. He was the MVP in the league championship game.

Zeke: Sam Nedler, class of '02. Also known as "Sammy Slamma Jamma." Captain, MVP of the league championship team.

Jason: The "Thunder Clap" (everybody claps) Hap Hadden, '95. Led the Wildcats to back-to-back city championships. A legend.

Chad: Yes, legends, one and all.

Troy: But do you think that any of these Wildcat legends became legends by getting involved in musical auditions just days before the league championships?

Wildcats: Get your head in the game!

Chad: No. These Wildcat legends became legends because they never took their eye off the prize.

Wildcats: Get your head in the game!

Chad: Now, who was the first sophomore ever to make starting varsity?

Wildcats: Troy!

Chad: So, who voted him our team captain this year?

Wildcats: Us!

Chad: And who is gonna get their sorry butts kicked in Friday's championship game if Troy's worried about an audition?

Wildcats: (not so enthusiasticly) We are.

Troy: Guys, come on. I mean, there's 12 people on this team, not just me.

Chad: Just 12? Oh, no. I think you're forgetting about one very important 13th member of our squad.

{Chad receives a picture from a Wildcat behind him and hands it to Troy. It's Coach Bolton}

Troy: My dad.

Chad: Yes, Troy. Wildcat basketball champion, class of 1981. Champion, father, and now coach. It's a winning tradition like no other.

{Troy looks at the picture as the scene changes to the science classroom as Taylor begins on Gabriella}

Taylor: From lowly Neanderthal and Cro-Magnon, to early warriors, medievel knights. All leading up to... lunkhead basketball man.

{Taylor show Gabriella a poster of a basketball player with Troy's head, enlarged and superimposed on top of it. Gabriella smiles at the poster}

Taylor: Yes, our culture worshipped the aggressor throughout the ages and we end up with spoiled, overpaid, bonehead athletes who contribute little to civilization other than slam dunks and touchdowns.That is the inevitable world of Troy Bolton.(speaking warmly now) But the path of the mind, the path we're on, ours is the path that has brought us these people: (presses a button and historical articles and pictures appear on her laptop) Eleanor Roosevelt, Frida Kahlo, Sandra Day O'Connor, Madame Curie, Jane Goodall, Oprah Winfrey and so many others who the world reveres.

Gabriella: Uh, but what is? You know, I've got Kelsi waiting for me to rehearse.

{Gabriella is about to leave when Taylor says:}

Taylor: Gabriella!

{Gabriella sits back down with a somewhat scared look}

Taylor: Troy Bolton represents one side of evolution. And our side, the side of education and accomplishment is the future of civilization!

{As Taylor says this she slaps various things with her pointing stick}

Taylor: This is the side where you belong.

{Gabriella looks nonplussed as the scene changes back to Troy and the Wildcats}

Troy: (to Wildcats) Guys, if you don't know that I'll put 110% of my guts into that game, then you don't know me.

Chad: But we just thought...

Troy: I'll tell you what I thought. I thought that you're my friends. Win together, lose together, teammates.

{Chad and another classmate set up the laptop and the camera, oblivious to Troy}

Chad: But suddenly the girl... and the singing.

Troy: Man, I'm for the team! I've always been for the team. She's just someone I met.

{Unaware to Troy he is now being viewed by everyone in the science classroom, including Gabriella}

Troy: (from laptop screen) All right the singing thing is nothing. Probably just a way to keep my nerves down. I don't know. It means nothing to me. You're my guys and this is our team. Gabriella is not important. I'll forget about her, I'll forget the audition and we'll go out and get that championship. Everyone happy now?

{The transmission ends as Taylor starts again}

Taylor: Behold lunkhead basketball man.

{Taylor fails to notice the tear that raced down Gabriella's cheek which is evident in what she says next}

Taylor: So, Gabriella, we'd love to have you for the scholastic decathlon.

{Again Taylor, intelligent as she is, fails to see how upset Gabriella is}

Taylor: Did you wanna grab some lunch?

{Gabriella manages a weak smile as she shakes her head at the offer}

Taylor: Well, we'll be there if you wanna come.

{Gabriella is heartbroken. The scene shifts back to the locker room as the ecstatic Wildcats leave the locker room with Troy}

Chad: Wildcats!

Wildcats +Troy: Get your head in the game! Whoo! Let's go!

{Gabriella is still in the classroom as she hears some commotion from the window}

Girl: Go, Wildcats!

*Wildcats Sing Along*

{The Wildcats have decided to throw a celebration as Gabriella observes from the window. She sees Troy in the middle of it all}

Crowd: Troy, Troy, Troy, Troy!

*When There Was Me And You*

{Gabriella walks over to her locker as Troy, unaware that Gabriella knows what he said, makes his way over to her}

Troy: Hey, how you doin'? (Gabriella is silent) Listen, there's something I wanna talk to you about,

Gabriella: (turning to face Troy) And here it is: I know what it's like to carry a load with your friends. I get it. You've got your boys, Troy. It's OK. So we're good.

Troy: Good about what? I was gonna talk to you about the final callbacks.

Gabriella: I don't wanna do the callbacks either. Who are we trying to kid? You've got your team and now I've got mine. I'll do the scholastic decathlon and you'll win the championships. It's where we belong. (She reaches into her locker and hands Troy her copy of Breaking Free) Go, Wildcats.

Troy: But I...

Gabriella: Me neither. (Gabriella walks away)

Troy: Gabriella?

{The Wildcat parade arrives at the lockers}

Crowd: Go Wildcats!

{The scene shifts to an outdoor basketball court where the Wildcats are practicing. Chad calls to Troy as he passes}

Chad: Hey, Captain!

{Chad tries to give Troy the basketball he's carrying, but Troy refuses and runs off}

Zeke: (to Chad) What's with Troy?

Chad: Don't worry about it.

{Back at Troy's house, Coach Bolton walks out onto the porch to watch Troy who is shooting some hoops. He misses again and again. In his anger he catches a missed shot and hurls the ball against the side gate. Coach Bolton walks back inside the house, helpless. Meanwhile at Gabriella's house, Gabriella is standing on her deck in deep thought}


NEXT DAY - CAFETERIA


{Troy and Gabriella cross paths on their way to their seats. Neither says anything. Taylor notices Gabriella and makes a motion for Gabriella to come and sit. Troy tries to say something but Gabriella walks off and sits at a different table before he can get anything out. Taylor notices this. Chad sees Troy and calls to him}

Chad: Troy! Hey.

Wildcat: Hey, Troy!

{Troy sees Chad but doesn't come. Instead he leaves the cafeteria. Gabriella steals a glance at Troy as he leaves. Chad and Taylor have seen this and both get up have a talk.}


SCIENCE CLUB ROOF


{Troy is sitting miserably as Chad, Zeke, and Jason arrive}

Chad: (to Troy) Hey, um... We just had another team meeting.

Troy: Oh... wonderful.

Chad: We had a team meeting about how we haven't been acting like a team. I mean us, not you. Look, about the singing thing...

Troy: Look, dude, I don't even wanna talk about it.

Chad: We just want you to know that we're gonna be there. OK, cheering for you.

Troy: Huh?

Zeke: Yeah, if singing is something you wanna do, we should be boosting you up, not tearing you down.

Chad: Yeah. Win or lose, we're teammates. That's what we're about. Even if you turn out to be the worst singer in the world.

Jason: Which we don't know because we haven't actually heard you sing.

Troy: And you're not gonna hear me sing, guys. Because Gabriella won't even talk to me... and I don't know why.

Chad: We do.

{Zeke reaches into his lunch bag and takes out two items which resemble sugar cookies}

Zeke: I baked these fresh today. You'll probably want to try one before we tell you the rest.


{Scene shifts to the science classroom where Taylor confronts Gabriella}

Taylor: Gabriella, we were jerks. No, we were worse than jerks because we were mean jerks. We thought Troy and the whole singing thing was killing our chances of having you on the scholastic decathlon team.

Gabriella: I heard what he had to say. I'm on your team now. Done.

Taylor: No, not done. We knew that Chad could get Troy to say things to make you want to forget about the callbacks. We planned it, and we're embarassed and sorry.

Gabriella: No one forced Troy to say anything. And you know what? It's OK. We should be preparing for the decathlon now, so it's time to move on.

Taylor: (becoming slightly frustrated by Gabriella's stubbornness) No, it's not OK. The decathlon is whatever, but how you feel about us, and even more, Troy - that's what really matters.

{Gabriella simply turns and continues what she was writing on the chalkboard.

Taylor: (turning to her fellows, whispers) We tried.

THAT EVENING


{We see Troy walking along the sidewalk in front of Gabriella's house. A dog can be heard barking in the distance. Troy walks up to the front door and knocks. Miss Montez answers the door}

Troy: Hi, Miss Montez, I'm Troy Bolton.

Miss Montez: Oh, Troy!

{Hearing Troy's name, Gabriella comes down the stairs till she's withing earshot of her mother and mouths "No."}

Miss Montez: um... Gabriella is kinda busy with homework and such, so now's not really a good time.

Troy: I made a mistake, Miss Montez, and I would really like to let Gabriella know that. Could you tell her that I came by to see her?

Miss Montez: (smiling) I will... Troy. Good night.

Troy: Good night. Thank you.

{Troy is about to go home when he gets an idea. He silently goes around to the back of Gabriella's house and dials her number on his cell phone. Gabriella is sitting on her bed when her phone starts ringing. She picks up}

Gabriella: Hello?

Troy: (on the phone) What you heard, none of that is true. I was sick of my friends riding me about singing with you, so I said things I knew would shut them up. I didn't mean any of it.

{Gabriella turns on her nightstand lamp}

Gabriella: (on the phone) You sounded pretty convincing to me.

Troy: (on the phone) Listen, the guy you met on vacation is way more me than the guy who said those stupid things.

Gabriella: (on the phone) Troy, the whole singing thing is making the school whack. You said so yourself. Everyone's treating you differently because of it.

Troy: (on the phone) Maybe because I don't wanna only be the basketball guy. They can't handle it. That's not my problem, it's theirs.

Gabriella: (on the phone) What about your dad?

Troy: (on the phone) And it's not about my dad. This is about how I feel, and I'm not letting the team down. They let me down. So I'm gonna sing. What about you?

Gabriella: (on the phone) I don't know, Troy.

Troy: (on the phone) Well, you need to say yes. Because I brought you something.

Gabriella: (on the phone) What do you mean?

Troy: (on the phone) Turn around.

{Gabriella turns around and sure enough, Troy is standing on her balcony. They hang up their phones as Gabriella goes to the door and opens it}

Troy: (singing in acapella)

This could be the start of something new
It feels so right to be here with you
Oh
And now looking in your eyes
I feel in my heart
The start of something... (spoken) new.

(holds up Gabriella's copy of Breaking Free) It's a pairs audition.

{Gabriella has made her choice. She walks over to Troy with a smile and takes the music sheets. They get close to each other as... the scene changes to the next day in the gym. Troy is on fire! He moves around the court and passes the ball a few times till it gets back to him and he makes a perfect basket}

Coach Bolton: Whoo!

Troy: Yeah!

{Next we see Gabriella in the science classroom drilling her fellows}

Gabriella: Zn4, and by doing that, you end up with two... and two. Got it?

Science Girl: Yes!

{Taylor high fives the girl and couldn't be happier. Troy has now finished basketball practice and is getting ready to leave the locker room}

Wildcat: What's happening?

{Troy stops in front of a mirror and does a pose, then races out of the locker room. Gabriella is now showing her fellow a chemistry experiment}

Gabriella: Guys, come here. Go ahead and put five grams of this in, (points to a substance on the table) and that causes it to change from an acidic state. Causing the color to change from pink to blue. Just like those pH test strips. (checks the clock) Oh, gotta go. See you guys later!

{Gabriella takes off her goggles and apron and hangs them up as she leaves. We see Troy coming down a hallway. He stops, checks an invisible watch on his wrist, just as Gabriella comes up and takes his hand}

Troy: Whoa! (they take off in the direction that Troy came from) You're late!

{scene shifts to the big piano in the music classroom as Troy, Gabriella, and Kelsi are rehearsing Breaking Free}

Both: ...strength to believe

Gabriella: We're soarin'

Troy: Flyin'

Both: There's not a star in heaven that we can't reach

{Just as they're doing that, Sharpay and Ryan strut by}

Sharpay: (singing to herself) Bop bop bop....

Troy: (from the music classroom) If we're tryin

Both: Yeah, we're breakin' free

{Sharpay gasps}

Ryan: Wow. They sound good.

{Sharpay scoffs. She goes to the window in the classroom door and watches}

Troy: Like a wave the ocean just...

Sharpay: (turning to face Ryan) We have to do something. OK, our callbacks on Thursday and the basketball game and the scholastic decathlon are on Friday. (has an idea) Too bad all these events weren't happening on the same day... at the same time.

Ryan: Well, that wouldn't work out because then Troy and Gabriella wouldn't be able to make the...

{Sharpay shoots Ryan a "Keep going" kind of look}

Ryan: (realizing) I'm proud to call you my sister.

Sharpay: I know.


AUDITORIUM


{Kelsi is working on some music as Miss Darbus, Sharpay, and Ryan enter. Kelsi hides herself}

Miss Darbus: I don't want to hear about Troy Bolton and that Montez girl. So, if you're telling me as co-presidents of the drama club that changing the callbacks would be what's best for our theater program, then I might actually agree with you.

{Miss Darbus looks around first before walking off}

Ryan: (to Sharpay) Is that a yes?

{Sharpay winks in confirmation}

Sharpay: (singing)

Bop bop bop, up to the top
And wipe away your inhibitions
Stomp, stomp, stomp
Do the romp and strut your stuff
Bop bop bop, straight to the top...


{Kelsi sighs in defeat}


NEXT DAY - BULLETIN BOARD


{A sign has been posted on the callback sheet reading "CALLBACK AUDITIONS RESCHEDULED TO FRIDAY BEGINNING AT 3:30 PM" Kelsi is staring at the sign as Troy, Gabriella, Chad, Taylor, and the rest of the Wildcats arrive

Chad: (to a friend) No problem at all. It was crazy. man.

{Troy notices the look on Kelsi's face and looks at the callback sheet}

Troy: Callbacks the same time as the game?

Gabriella: And the scholastic decathlon.

Taylor: Why would they do that?

Chad: I smell a rat named Darbus.

Kelsi: I actually think it's two rats, neither of them named Darbus.

Chad: Do you know something about this small person?

Kelsi: (to Troy) Miss Darbus might think that she's protecting the show, but Ryan and Sharpay are pretty much only concerned with protecting themselves.

Chad: (angrily) Do you know what I'm gonna do to those two over-moosed show dogs?

Troy: Nothing. We're not gonna do anything to them. Except to sing, maybe. All right, now this is only gonna happen if we all work together. Now who's in? (holds out his hand)

{Gabriella puts her hand on Troy's, then Kelsi}

Wildcat: You know I'm in.

{Chad and Taylor put their hands in the air. Every other student places their hand over Troy's. Kelsi puts her other hand on as well}


Game Day
Scholastic Decathlon Day
Callback Day
HELP!


{Chad, Troy, Jason, and Zeke enter the homeroom. Troy and Chad run around behind Gabriella and Taylor and cover their eyes while Zeke brings over a cake}

Zeke: A pi pie.

{Troy and Chad remove their hands as Gabriella and Taylor both gasp when they see the cake}

Taylor: Oh my goodness!

Gabriella: Oh my gosh!

Taylor: What? Thank you! Oh, we have something for you, too.

Gabriella: Yeah, come here, look.

{They walk over to a marker board that is filled with a large equation and a little diagram of a basketball player about to shoot the ball}

BothTa-da!

Troy: Oh... it's an equation.

{Taylor and Gabriella giggle as they turn the board over to reveal a poster of a large "Wildcat" making a basket with the words "GO! Wildcat Hoopsters" next to it}

Troy, Chad, Zeke, Jason: Oh! (jokingly) That's awful.

{As they stand appraising the image, Gabriella and Taylor begin bombarding the Wildcats with plush basketballs. Next Troy, Zeke, and Jason exit the classroom as Chad brings Ryan and Sharpay over. Miss Darbus arrives in time to see the presentation}

Chad: (to Sharpay) Stay right there. Watch

Troy: From our team, to yours.

{The entire Wildcat team is in a formation in the hallway. Under their windbreakers they each have a letter printed on their shirt}

Wildcats: G - O - D - R - A - M - A - C - L - U - B

Troy: Exclamation point.

Miss Darbus: Well, seems we Wildcats are in for an interesting afternoon.

{Behind Miss Darbus, some students including Gabriella and Taylor have gathered to watch the Wildcats' little presentation}

Taylor: (as Miss Darbus turns around) Go.(Taylor, Gabriella., and the rest of the class get back to their seats.

{Sharpay seems very pleased with the Wildcats offering. Ryan on the other hand...}

Ryan: G-O-D... dra.. Go dra... Go dray...

Sharpay: Ugh!

Ryan: Drame?

{Scene shifts to a hallway as the shool bell rings. Students from every classroom along the hall fill the empty corridor, all heading to the Wildcats game.



GYM


{The gym is filled to the brim with spectators as the cheerleaders do a routine. The game is about to commence. In the locker room, Coach Bolton goes to have a word with his son}

Coach Bolton: How you feeling?

Troy: Nervous.

Coach Bolton: Yeah, me too. Wish I could suit up and play alongside you.

Troy: Hey, you had your turn.

{Things have obviously gotten better between the two}

Coach Bolton: You know what I want from you today?

Troy: The championship.

Coach Bolton: Well, that'll come or it won't. What I want is for you to have fun. I know all about the pressure. And probably too much of it has come from me. What I really want is to see my son having the time of his life playing the game we both love. You give me that, and I will sleep with a smile on my face no matter how the score comes out.

Troy: (happy) Thanks, Coach.. uh.. Dad.

{Coach Bolton gets up and leaves Troy to finish suiting up}


SCHOLASTIC DECATHLON


{The spectators for the scholastic decathlon take there seats}

Announcer: Welcome to the tenth annual Scholastic Decathlon. The East High Wildcats versus the West High Knights.

{The crowd applauds as the teammembers go and shake hands}


CALLBACK AUDITIONS


Miss Darbus: (to some ladies who are entering the auditorum) Hello! (points to an aisle) Right here, right here.

{Kelsi opens the piano and practices her song. Sharpay and Ryan are in their dressing room doing their bizarre pre-show ritual

Both: (vocal gibberish)

Sharpay: Mah, mah, mah!

Ryan: Mah, mah, mah!

Sharpay: Eeh! Eeh!

Ryan: Ow! Ow!

Sharpay: Stop! (falls in front of Ryan as he catches her. she gets up and puts her hands on his shoulders) I trust you.

Ryan: Energy.

{They continue. Miss Darbus checks the watch of her assistant. Scene shifts to the Wildcats raucously leaving the locker room and heading to the gym}

Wildcats: Whoo!

Troy: Come on, let's do it!


GYM


Announcer: And now introducing your East High Wildcats!

{The Wildcats run onto the court causing the crowd to go wild}

Coach Bolton: Let's go! Go!

Announcer: ...for this championship game between East High and West High!

{The Wildcats throw some baskets for the spectators. Meanwhile the scholastic decathlon starts with Gabriella and her West High opponent writing an equation on their markerboards. The point of which being to see who can finish first. Scene shifts again to the auditorium where Miss Darbus is giving a speech}

Miss Darbus: Casting the leads of a show is both a challenge and a responsibility. A joy and a burden. I commend you and all other young artists to hold out for the moon, the sun, and the stars.

{Kelsi and the assistant applaud}

Miss Darbus: Shall we soar together?

{Miss Darbus holds out her hand, which Kelsi takes as the assistant takes a picture of Miss Darbus}

Miss Darbus: Sharpay and Ryan!

*Bop To The Top*


CHAMPIONSHIP GAME


Wildcats & Coach Bolton: (having just finished the team huddle) Wildcats!

Announcer: ...the coveted championship trophy!

{The Wildcats make their way onto the court and shake hands with the other team. And so the game begins!}

Announcer: East High wins the opening tip, pushing the ball up the court.

{Meanwhile, Gabriella's markerboard is filled with the equation and she finishes first. The judge walks over to check the work gives the point to Gabriella.

{The audience goes crazy including Miss Montez}

Decathlon Announcer: East High.

Taylor: (to Gabriella) We did it!

Gabriella: (to her opponent) Great job! (shakes his hand)

{Taylor and Gabriella both check the clock as Taylor opens her laptop}

Taylor: All right, Wildcats, time for an orderly exit from the gym.

{Taylor transmits a message that knocks out the power in the gym.


GYM


Announcer: And West High pushes the ball aound the perimeter on the offensive end. Nice ball movement by West High. Driving the lane... shot is up and...

{The scoreboard and the lights start shorting out. The game buzzer sounds}

Announcer: We seem to be experiancing some technical difficulties, uh.

{The referee blows his whistle, signaling a timeout}

Announcer: We've got a timeout on the court here.

Referee: We have a problem. Stop the game. Stop the game.

Announcer: Referee has signaled timeout.

{Chad runs up to Troy and motions for him to get going. Troy leaves. Coach Bolton sees this}

Announcer: Everyone please remain calm.


DECATHLON


{Taylor's laptop is opened again. Shorting the power in the gym was the easy part. The diversion that Taylor had in mind for the decathlon is much more unpleasant. Taylor sends the signal. A few feet away is a beaker filled with a blue liquid. We can assume that the beaker is connected to a Bunsen burner because within seconds the liquid starts bubbling and judging by the reactions, it has released a most foul odor}

Gabriella: (to Taylor) Go, go, go, go.

{The spectators of the decathlon start leaving their seats}


CHAMPIONSHIP GAME


Principal Matsui: (into a microphone) We'll get this figured out real soon. In the meantime, per safety regulations, we need to all make an orderly exit from the gym, please.

{The Wildcats leave and head to the auditorium}



AUDITORIUM


{Ryan and Sharpay finish their song. The audience applauds. They take a bow}

Sharpay: (to a member of the audience) Oh, hi! Call me.

{Ryan takes off his fedora and throws it into the audience. Miss Darbus walks onto the stage flanked by her assistant and Kelsi}

Miss Darbus: Do you see why we love the theater, people? Well done. Ah, Troy Bolton, Gabriella Montez. (silence) Troy? Gabriella?

Kelsi: (frantically) They'll be here.

Miss Darbus: The theater, as I have often pointed out, waits for no one. I'm sorry.

{Kelsi makes a face and runs off the stage}

Miss Darbus: Well, we are done here. Congratulations to all. The cast list will be posted.

{Troy and Gabriella have arrived}

Troy: Wait! Miss Darbus, wait! We're ready, we can sing.

Miss Darbus: I called your names, twice.

Gabriella: Miss Darbus, please! Please!

Miss Darbus: Rules are rules!

{As the small audience gets up to leave, the rest of the school pours into the auditorium}

Sharpay: (to Miss Darbus, giddy at the thought of performing in front of so many) We'll be happy to do it again for our fellow students, Miss Darbus.

Miss Darbus: (searching for an excuse) I don't know what's going on here, but in any event, it's far too late and we have not got a pianist.

Ryan: Well, that's show biz.

Troy: We'll sing without a piano.

Kelsi: (running up behind Troy) Oh, no, you won't. Pianist here, Miss Darbus.

Sharpay: (threateningly) You really don't wanna do that.

Kelsi: (unafraid) Oh, yes, I really do. Ready on stage.

{A look of shock fills Sharpay's face as Kelsi stands up to her}

Miss Darbus: (to Sharpay) Now that's show biz.

{Sharpay can't believe what just happened. She runs off stage. Troy hands Gabriella a microphone. Troy nods to Kelsi who begins playing the intro to Breaking Free. However Gabriella is frozen. Troy sees this and motions for Kelsi to stop.

Gabriella: (to Troy) I can't do it, Troy, not with all those people staring at me.

{Gabriella tries to walk away but Troy grabs her arm}

Troy: (softly) Hey, hey, look at me, look at me, right at me. Right at me. It'll be like the first time we sang together. Remember? Like kindergarten.

{Troy once again motions for Kelsi to start playing. This time the backdrop comes down}

*Breaking Free*

{As the song ends the auditorium erupts with applause and cheering}

Taylor: Whoo!

Boy: That's amazing!

Girl: Amazing, yeah!

{Coach Bolton, who arrived towards the end of the song smiles. Kelsi takes a bow. Troy moves in and kisses Gabriella on the cheek. As the backdrop is raised, the scene morphs into the Championship Game}

Announcer: And West High pushin' the ball. Fast break. Looking for an open man. Oh, but it's stolen by number 14 heading back the other way! (#14=Troy) East High has the ball! Time is running down on the clock! Looking for an open man. Fake. Swing to the outside. Ball on the perimeter. Look for a man on the inside. Nice screen. Shot's up! And it's good! A 12-foot jump shot as time expires for the victory! East High has won the championship! Your East High Wildcats are champions! Congratulations, East High!

Crowd: (chanting) Troy! Troy! Troy!

{Coach Bolton receives the championship trophy}

League Man: (gives Coach Bolton the trophy) Congratulations.

Coach Bolton: Thanks.

{Coach Bolton brings the trophy over to the Wildcats and hands the trophy to Troy. The rest of the Wildcats lift Troy on their shoulders}

Chad: What team?

All: Wildcats!

Chad: What team?

All: Wildcats!

Chad: What team?

All: Wildcats!

Chad: Wildcats!

All: Get your head in the game!

Wildcat: Oh, yeah, bro!

Coach Bolton: (hugs Troy) I'm proud of you, son!

Troy: Aw, thanks, Dad!

{Miss Darbus comes from behind}

Miss Darbus: Bravo!

Coach Bolton: Brava!

Miss Darbus: Ah!

Boy: Hey, hey! Troy, you're the man!

Troy: No, you!

{Gabriella, now in a red dress, runs up to Troy and hugs him from behind}

Gabriella: (happily) Congratulations, Wildcat!

Troy: (excitedly) What about your team?

Gabriella: We won too!

{Troy moves in to kiss Gabriella, but Chad ruins it}

Chad: Yo! Team voted you the game ball, Captain!

Troy: (slightly miffed about losing his chance to kiss Gabriella) Yeah, thank you. Thanks a lot.

{Troy walks off. Taylor runs towards Chad and he takes her into his arms}

Chad: (to Taylor) So... you're going with me to the after-party, right?

Taylor: (happily suprised) Like on a date?

Chad: Must be your lucky day.

Taylor: (goes over to Gabriella) Chad just asked me out. (they share a happy laugh)

{As soon as Taylor walks away, Sharpay comes over to Gabriella}

Sharpay: Well, congratulations. I guess I'm going to be the understudy in case you can't make one of the shows, so... break a leg. (Gabriella doesn't understand. Sharpay giggles) In theater that means good luck. (They too share a laugh)

{As Sharpay moves on she is confronted by none other than, Zeke}

Zeke: Hey, Sharpay. I'm sorry you didn't get the lead, but I think that you're really good. I admire you so much.

Sharpay: And why wouldn't you? Now, bye-bye.

Zeke: Oh, wait. I baked you some cookies.

Sharpay: Ew.

Ryan: (taking the cookies while smiling) Nice game.

Zeke: Thanks.

Troy: (to Kelsi) Composer, here's your game ball. You deserve it, playmaker.

Boy: Yeah!

{Kelsi doesn't quite know what to do with the ball.}

Boy: Whoo, that's what I'm talking about!

{Jason comes up behind Kelsi and removes her hat, letting her hair down. He guides her hands and together they shoot the ball. Score!}

*We're All In This Together*

*End Credits*

*Wildcats Sing Along*

{After all the commotion has subsided, Zeke is the only one left in the gym. Suddenly Sharpay appears}

Sharpay: (with one of Zeke's cookies in hand, and some of the cookie in her mouth) These cookies are genius! The best things I've ever tasted! (tosses the remains of the cookie behind her) Will you make some more for me, Zeke?

{Sharpay takes off after Zeke who has now started trying to get away from Sharpay. Sharpay catches him}

Zeke: (happily) I might even make you a creme brulee.

{Zeke smiles in victory}