Peddler: Oooh, in all my years, never have I seen the streets so full of bustle and hustle and assorted commotion.
Rasoul: Our Princess is to wed.
Peddler: Oooh, wonderful! And who's the lucky prince?
Rasoul: Not a prince at all. Just a no account street rat.
Genie: No way! (Genie picks Rasoul up) Try it fanatically. (Genie shoots some magic into the sky) It's Aladdin! ('Aladdin' appears, written in generic lettering. Genie looks at the camera, sheepishly) Awww... Some of you don't believe. (Genie snaps his fingers, and the "Aladdin and the King of Thieves'" logo appears, fireworks behind it. Genie, as Tinkerbell, flies in front of the logo) In color. (Genie giggles and taps the logo with his magic wand, causing it to disappear.)
Genie: 	There's a party here in Agrabah, there's excitement in the air. People pouring in from near and far 'Cause Jasmine and Aladdin are gonna have a weddin'. There's a party here in Agrabah, everybody will be there So if you're a pauper or a shah, do something with your hair. You mustn't wear an outfit that's naughty A turban that's unraveling just won't do No earrings that are tasteless or gaudy You're gonna look gorgeous when I get through. There's a party here in Agrabah, so I'm goin' to paint the town If you want to see what colors are, follow me around.
Crowd:	Aladdin's gettin' married and it's gonna be The wedding of the century
Genie:	My buddy's getting married and you're gonna see Just how much I can do! You've heard of your safari bar mitzvahs You've all been to a luau sweet sixteen But none of them compare to what this The food with be disgusting, by evening you'll be busting. There's a party here in Agrabah and it's got us all aglow If a street rat could have come so far, maybe I can do it Sure, there's nothing to it!
Woman: 	There's a party here in Agrabah, but we're not sure that we'll go For although the bride is la de dah, the groom is awfully low
Genie: 	And now we take you down to the palace, where everyone has celebrated all night long Without Jafar and all his malice, everybody's happy What could possibly go wrong?
Thieves: 		There's a party here in Agrabah, and we're gonna rob 'em blind
Cassim: 	While they're all munching caviar, create a small disturbance; I'll sneak up from behind.
Iago:		There's a party here in Agrabah, and the loot is pouring in. I like this wedding stuff so far. Maybe if I'm pleasant, I'll get to keep a present!
Genie: 		We've ordered just a few tasteful flowers And valets who will carefully park for you The bridesmaids have been dressing for hours Girls you look just lovely and so grown up too There's a party in Agrabah, yes a filling of the room But there's something missing, yes, ahah!
Sultan: 	Where is the groom?
Genie: Hello? Somebody's going to be late for his own wedding!
Aladdin: Hold on Genie, there's something I need.
Genie (turns into a big breasted woman coming out of a cake.): I gotcha, it's a bachelor party, big boy! (Carpet is holding a glass of beer. Genie takes it away from him.) None for you, you're the designated flyer.
Aladdin: No, this is for the wedding.
Genie (As Woody Allen): Well, uh, that's a nice dagger. Interesting nuptial accessory.  It's a bit... sharp
Aladdin: It belonged to my father
Genie: Your father? You never said a word about your father. Oh, I've got to let the caterer know! (Genie turns into a caterer) Chicken or sea bass?
Aladdin: He's not coming to the wedding... he died a long time ago.
Genie: (Reverting back to normal) Sorry.
Aladdin: That's okay, I never knew him. Maybe if I did, I'd feel ready for this.
Genie: (Turns into bunny slippers on Aladdin's feet) Al, are you getting cold feet?
Aladdin: No, Genie. It's just that... I've always been a street rat. Stealing what I need to survive, runnin' from the guards...
Abu: Uh huh.
Aladdin: Living my life alone.
Abu: Oh...
Aladdin: I'm takin' a big step today, into a new world.
Genie (With headphones on his ears and a microphone in front of him): Today's topic, "Fears of the Future Family Man." Al from Agrabah, share with us.
Aladdin: I never had a father to show me how to raise a family.
Genie: No role model? Get a little deeper.
Aladdin: What do I know about families? Genie, what if I'm no good at it? (Genie changes back to normal) If my father were here...
Genie: Al, Little Buddy, if your father were here, he'd be as proud of you as I am.
Aladdin: I just wish he could see this.
Aladdin: 	There's a party here in Agrabah, and the party's all for me. Just look you guys at where we are, and how are dreams have come to be.
Jasmine: 	There's a party here in Agrabah, and I can't believe it's true. After all this waiting, here we are. We'll finally get to say 'I do'
Aladdin: 	I never ever had a real family
Jasmine: 	I never ever had a real true friend
Both: 		Someone who could just understand me...
Iago: 		Hey, come on Aladdin, this mush has got to end!
Genie: 	There's a party here in Agrabah And it's starting right away. Let's get you dressed 'cause you're the star Hey, come on, it's your wedding day!
Chorus: 	Aladdin's gettin' married and it's gonna be the wedding of the century. Amazing how Aladdin could have come so far!
Genie: 	They're finally gettin' married!
Sultan: 	They're finally getting married!
Thieves: 	They're finally gettin' married!
Iago: 		Look at all these presents!
Jasmine: 	We're finally getting married!
Abu:		They're finally getting married!
Aladdin: 	I'm finally gettin' married!
Chorus: 	They're finally gettin' married at the party in Agrabah! They're getting married and it's gonna be such a sight to see. Come on, go with me To the party in Agrabah!
Genie: A party goin' on now, gotta party, gotta party. Help me! Can't stop myself! (Genie begins shaking his butt)Somebody rub the lamp, somebody rub the lamp, (Men in the crowd raise their eyebrows) Ah, you know I feel it... (Genie looks around) ah, that's enough. (Genie slinks off).
Sa'luk: Why do you walk in the open while I suffocate like an animal?
Cassim: Someone has to keep a cool head, Sa'luk.
Sa'luk: Someone will have no head if this is another wild goose chase.
Cassim: The Oracle is the real thing. (Sa'luk pulls his claws away) This time I'm sure...
Genie (Wearing a tuxedo and talking into a microphone): Hello, and welcome to "Lifestyles of the Rich and Magical!" That's right; we're taking you to the marriage of a millennium. And who's this coming on the lovely stretch camel? Oh it's Cleopatra and Caesar (Cleopatra and Caesar walk down the aisle together, waving) and they're bringing a salad, (assistants carry a giant salad behind them) how wonderful (Another assistant with a peppershaker follows). Oh look, there's Osiris,  Oh Osiris, Osiris, could we have a word with you? (Osiris screeches). Oh no, the crowd is parting, who's coming? (A bearded Genie separates the crowd as he walks through it) It's Moses! And you're name is? (Genie holds the microphone in front of a tall, brown-skinned version of Genie)
Thor: I'm Thor.
Genie: You're Thor?
Thor: Well, it hurts.
Genie: Once again, this whole broadcast has been brought to you by sand.  It's everywhere. (A logo appears reading 'Sand- it's everywhere'. Genie walks in front of it.) Get used to it!
Abu: Come on, come on (Abu moves his hands in a 'come on' motion)
Iago: I can see fine from back here.
Abu: Uh uh, it's Aladdin!
Iago: Look, there's one thing I get sentimental about, and I'm sittin' on it.
Iago: The loot monkey, the loot!
Genie: Bad news Al, the boutonnières clash with the cumber buns! (Genie holds out a white boutonnière and a brown cumber bun.)
Aladdin: Genie, isn't it a little late for that?
Genie: What, what are you trying to say? Out with it! (Genie looks around) What, what... (He sees the crowd) ...they're here. Oh no! (Genie changes into the White Rabbit from "Alice in Wonderland") I'm late; I'm late, for a very important date! (Genie runs through the aisle and through the doors.)
Crowd: You're majesty, your highness!
Sultan: (Nudging Aladdin with his elbow) Don't look so solemn boy, this is a happy day.
Genie: Oh look, it's a Kodiak moment. (From Genie's left side, a bear roars. Genie grabs it by the mouth.) Put that bear out of here! (Genie makes a white carpet appear, led by doves. It covers the entire isle. The peacocks standing in front of the door contract their feathers, revealing Jasmine.)
Sultan: Ohh...
Aladdin: Wow....
Genie: Oh Yeah!
Sultan: I never thought this day would come. Now I'm afraid that it has come all too soon.
Jasmine: (Hugs Sultan) Oh father.
Cassim: You distract the guards
Sa'luk: Part of your plan?
Cassim: (He pets an elephant's trunks) A large part. (He knocks on one of the baskets) It's time.
Thieves: Oh!
Genie: It's all so magical. I'm not gonna cry. I'm not... (Genie breaks into tears. He blows his nose on Carpet. Realizing what he did, he lets Carpet go.) Oh, sorry.
Aladdin: Well, we're here...
Jasmine: Together forever.
Sa'luk: Let me be the point man!
Genie: I thought the earth wasn't supposed to move until the honeymoon...
Sultan: Oh, oh, my word!
Genie: (Wearing a cowboy hat and plaids) Stampede!
Iago: What is going on here?
Genie: Come here monkey boy, you were almost Dumbo toe jam! (An elephant walks over Carpet) Oh, they trampled the carpet... that's a little redundant. So this isn't really a bad day for you, is it?
Fazal: It's an attack!
Rasoul: Not in this palace!
Genie: Oh, I think we're going to have a little problem with leaks. (Genie flies to the ceiling and positions himself in front of the hole.)
Cassim: It must be here somewhere!
Iago: Meet your match, Zorro!
Cassim: Good birdie! Polly want a little...
Iago: (Citing his shot with the candlestick) Say cracker and I'll let you have it on principle!
Cassim: You have a lot of spirit. (Cassim pushes Iago into a nearby vase) And a lot of mouth.
Thief: Ha ha ha!
Sa'luk: Ha ha ha!
Fazal: They fight like demons!
Hakim: Worse than demons. These are the Forty Thieves!
Genie: Really? I get thirty-nine...
Aladdin: Forty.
Cassim: Where is it?
Cassim: Ah, at last!
Aladdin: Can I see your invitation?
Cassim: Stay out of my way boy and you won't get hurt!
Cassim: Fool, you don't stand a chance against the King of Thieves.
Aladdin: When I get up, I'll bow to you!
Jasmine: That was for ruining my wedding!
Thieves: Huh?
Genie: I guess there's really no point to this now.
Genie: Freeze sandbags; don't make me use the other end!
Genie (As Forrest Gump): Mama always said 'magic is as magic does'.
Sa'luk: Cassim said nothing about facing the powers of a genie! (Turning to the tall thief behind him) Get the others out of here. We'll leave the King to his plans.
Cassim: Oooh!
Aladdin: Where's the King of Thieves?
Cassim: I'll see you again, boy! (He runs off)
Genie: Oooh...This is not my fault! This was not built to code!
Iago: Good luck getting back the catering department.
Sultan: Oh my...
Genie: Fear not, oh father of the bride. (Genie turns into a construction worker with a muscular chest) We can rebuild!
Sultan: Oh, please do. We can't have a wedding without a pavilion! (Genie's chest muscles fall to his gut. Genie shrugs)
Genie: (Writing on a clipboard) All right, a wedding pavilion it is my man. (Genie turns Iago, Abu, and Carpet into construction workers. Iago is eating a sandwich. Abu is eating a doughnut. Carpet is reading the paper) Hey, I want to see some resumes on these guys. And don't let the one with the beak near any power tools. (A drill sounds)
Sultan: Yes, yes, Genie, whatever it takes. I am sorry about all this Jasmine. (Jasmine is gone) Daughter?
Jasmine: What were they after, the gifts?
Aladdin: Not all the gifts. This is what the King of Thieves wanted. (Holds out the treasure)
Iago: (Landing on the treasure) With all the other great stuff, why go for this thing?
Oracle: Your question is mine to answer! The King of Thieves sought my sight to find the Ultimate Treasure.
Iago: Did someone say treasure?
Aladdin: (To Genie) Genie?
Genie: (Wearing sunglasses) Oh... Looks like an Oracle.
Oracle: I see all that has been, and all that will be.
Genie: (As Dustin Hoffman in "Rainman") Uh oh, uh oh, definitely an Oracle, tells the future, uh oh. (To Jasmine, back to normal) Girlfriend, where were you registered?
Iago: Okay, you know all, so tell all. Where is the treasure? You know, the ultimate one?
Oracle: I am bound by the rule of one. One question, one answer.
Iago: I only want one answer! Where is the Ultimate Treasure?
Oracle: You have already asked your question.
Iago: You mean before? Oh, that wasn't a question! That was uh... thinking out loud.
Genie: (Grabbing Iago) Very loud.
Jasmine: Aladdin, we could learn anything. About our lives, our future.
Oracle: You have but to ask.
Aladdin: (To Jasmine) I know what my future is, my future is you. But my past... it's a blank. My mother died when I was just a kid, and I never even knew my father. I have no idea where I come from.
Oracle: Your question is your choice. But remember the rule of one. Choose carefully.
Iago: Oh sure, she warns him about the one question thing. (Carpet hits him out of the way) Hey!
Aladdin: I don't think you can help me. My past isn't just one question, it's a million questions.
Oracle: Ah, but mere questions about your past can be answered by your father...
Aladdin: My father? (The Oracle moves her hands, making a picture appear. It is an older man, with a strong resemblance to Aladdin) My father is alive...
Jasmine: Abu, where's Aladdin? (She looks up to see Aladdin in his hovel) How long has he been up there?
Jasmine: (Entering the hovel) Aladdin, Are you alright? (She picks up the Oracle and sits beside Aladdin) What's wrong?
Aladdin: I always wanted to know about my father. But just now, I'm not so sure. (Standing up) What kind of man leaves his son? Did he even care? (Sighs) Maybe I don't wanna know him.
Jasmine: Yes you do.
Aladdin: How can you be so sure?
Jasmine: Because I already know him. (Aladdin seems confused) Because I know you.
Jasmine: 	You showed me the world when I was all locked up inside. You reached out your hand and took me on a magic carpet ride. One look at your smile and I could see the light, shining every where. People like you don't come out of thin air.
Aladdin: 	Oh Jasmine...
You don't understand. There is so much that you don't see. Just think if you can what growing up had to be like for me. Your father's a man who taught you who you are. Mine was never there. So how can you say, I don't come out of thin air?
Aladdin: 	There's so much I want to know
Jasmine: 	You've got the chance to learn.
Aladdin: 	If it means, I'd have to go...
Jasmine: 	I'll be right here when you return. Our wedding can wait.
Aladdin: 	I love you.
Jasmine: 	I think it's worth this small delay.
Aladdin: 	Maybe you're right.
Jasmine: 	And won't it be great to have your father see our wedding day? It isn't too late.
Aladdin: 	I've waited so long to learn the truth.
Both: 		And now at least, we can finally say.
Jasmine: 	You're father is really there.
Aladdin: 	There's so much that we might share.
Jasmine: 	And you'll finally learn, you
Both: 		Don't come out of thin air.
Oracle: Have you chosen your question?
Aladdin: I have.
Oracle: Then ask.
Aladdin: Where is my father?
Oracle: (Pointing) Follow the trail of the Forty Thieves. Your father is trapped within their world.
Aladdin: The Forty Thieves? Is he hurt? How long has he been their prisoner?
Oracle: I am sorry. I can only answer one question. (The Oracle disappears)
Aladdin: It's up to me.
Jasmine: Take as long as you need.
Aladdin: I'll be back in time for our wedding, I promise.
Iago: I should have stayed with the Genie. Manual labor beats danger any day.
Aladdin: Good, the trail's still fresh.
Iago: Definitely should have stayed with the Genie... (Carpet speeds up to catch the horses) Ah!
Aladdin: Shh... (Carpet flies back behind the cliff.) ...Phew. Well they have nowhere to go, we have them trapped.
Iago: We? They are Forty Thieves. We are you, a rug, a monkey, and me. Wait, don't count me.
Aladdin: They're just standing there
Cassim: Open sesame!
Aladdin: Let's move. Hang on! (Aladdin and the gang follow, making it in just before the door closes. Aladdin looks over a rock and into the lair. The lair is golden and misty, like a long-forgotten city.) I know Carpet, it's incredible. (Carpet grabs Aladdin and points toward the door) What?
Iago: How bad is it? (Iago has his tail feathers stuck in the door)
Abu: Hmm...
Iago: Yee ow! Ohh, this is attractive! (Iago's feathers are stuck in the door. He walks over, pulls them out, and puts them back on his tail.)
Aladdin: (Shakes his head) Come on.
Iago: Ya wanna not hold up traffic? (Ringing out his feathers) I want to get in, get out, and go home. Actually, I wouldn't mind skipping right to the go home...
Sa'luk: We could have had all the loot from the wedding. But we followed the king's plan. This is what we have to show for our trouble in Agrabah: NOTHING!
Fat, White Man (Elbowing the Asian thief beside him): This oughta be good!
Fat, Asian Man: Sa'luk is truly ticked!
Sa'luk (Approaching Cassim): Your time draws to a close, Cassim.
Aladdin: Cassim? My father...
Cassim: If you're talking about spilling my blood, well, I just don't see that happening. (He folds his arms and smirks defiantly)
Sa'luk: Then let me open your eyes!
Aladdin: Run, I've got him! I'm Aladdin, you're my father!
Thieves: His Father?
Sa'luk: I don't know about father boy, but I'll send you to meet your other ancestors.
Cassim (Looking at the dagger): Let him go. The boy... is my son. (Cassim raises the dagger into the air) I gave this dagger to my wife years ago. I told her to give it to our new born son...Aladdin.
Fat, White Man: It's true?
Fat, Asian Man: Ohh, the boy is the son of the King of Thieves.
Aladdin: *You* are the King of Thieves?
Cassim: Like it or not boy, we're blood. (Cassim throws the dagger to Aladdin) Look at you. I'd thought I'd never see you again. Has it been so long?
Sa'luk: Blood or mud, the boy is an intruder. (Sa'luk steps in between Cassim and Aladdin. He shoves Aladdin out of the way.) And we have rules about intruders.
Thieves: Sa'luk is right. He knows our secrets! I hate intruders. Wait, wait, me too!
Sa'luk: He has found our secret lair. He has seen too much. He must die. They must all die!
Iago: Die? He's your son. (Abu nods in agreement) I'm his friend! (Abu gives Iago a dirty look) Cast a vote for mercy here!
Sa'luk (Look back at Cassim): Yes, Cassim, mercy would be so like you. Soft and weak.
Thieves: Maybe Sa'luk should be king? Yes, maybe he should
Cassim: Kill him.
Cassim: Or the boy could, yes the boy could... no.
Tall, Fat Man: What, what? The boy could what?
Cassim: Nothing, probably a bad idea.
Triplets: Let's hear it.
Cassim: Well, it seems to me that... oh never mind.
Sa'luk (Now standing behind Cassim): What?
Cassim: The boy could face 'the challenge.'
Thieves: Ah...That's right, 'the challenge.'
Cassim: That's that, my son shall face 'the challenge.'
Sa'luk: And I shall be the one to test him.
Iago (Landing on Aladdin's shoulder): A test, huh? Ah, that's not so bad. Maybe it will be multiple choice?
Iago: Escape? Not likely. Our ride home is grounded.
Iago: And Al? Well... it's been nice knowin' 'em.
Aladdin: What's goin' on, Dad?
Cassim: Oh, the challenge is simple enough... only one man survives. But you're my son. You'll be that man. Knock 'em dead kid, seriously.
Thieves: Go Sa'luk! Kick 'em!
Aladdin: Ah! (Aladdin grabs his arm)
Cassim: No!
Iago: I thought oz-eyed won?
Aladdin: Look, I...I... I didn't mean...
Thieves: Get him! Take him to the King! (The thieves pick Aladdin up and pass him to Cassim
Iago: (The thieves cut open the cage) I don't even know Aladdin, okay? (The thieves free Iago and Abu and pass them to Cassim)
Cassim: You killed Sa'luk. The code of the Forty Thieves is very clear on this point. You're in!
Thieves: Yah!
Thieves: 	Congratulations, bub! You've joined the club And everybody here agrees We've got the finest blend of nearly honest men Welcome to the Forty Thieves A fraternity of thugs that you can trust There's nothing up our eighty sleeves
Got lots of grub to share, pull up a easy chair Welcome to the Forty Thieves Now you get to lie and cheat Never have to brush your teeth But we always aim to please Care for one another, you'll never miss your mother!
Iago: 		Oh, I love you guys.
Thieves: 	Schemin' up a scam Out on a limb Taking whatever we please And if you like to work, you're gonna love this work! Welcome to the Forty Thieves! Welcome to the Forty Thieves!
Cassim: 	Together we're the perfect team Larceny is in the genes
Dare to share the family dream
Iago: 	Live a life o' leisure, counting all your treasure!
Thieves: 	As an honorary member of the gang That no one alive ever leaves You gotta snatch and sneak Or else your future's bleak We got a lifetime contract that your bound to keep You wanna save your skin, ya better fit right in! Wel, wel, welcome, to the Wel, wel, welcome to the Forty Thieves!
Genie: Boy, and I thought I was blue. (Genie appears down beside Jasmine)
Jasmine: You would know if Aladdin is in trouble, wouldn't you? (She turns to Genie) I thought he'd be back by now.
Genie: Al will be back... (Genie pauses for a moment, then perks up as if he has an idea. He turns into Mrs. Doubtfire) Listen to Genie dear, Genie knows. You have to get your mind off this incessant waiting. (Genie poofs himself and Jasmine into the throne room) Here's a surefire way to cheer up a bummed out bride to be. A heaping helping of matrimonial magic! (Genie makes gifts appear all through the throne room. Gifts include bouquets of flowers, cars, baby carriages, and balloons. Jasmine reaches to pick a flower from a bouquet, when Genie, as Harpo Marx, jumps into her arms and tries to kiss her. A cane pulls him away. Genie as Chico Marx walks up to Jasmine) Hey, that's no good. What a wedding needs is a theme. (Genie as Grouch Marx walks up to Jasmine) It needs a groom too, but let's work with what we have...
Jasmine: Genie!
Genie: (Back to normal) It's a joke. I do that. Okay, let's see... this will be the second wedding for both of you. I'm thinking we need something a little more simple, a little more elegant and less gray. (Makes an elephant appears) Ha, ha, ha! Did it, done it, own it! (Makes the elephant disappear) I gonna' throw some colors at you, mauve, teal, and salmon. (Genie makes paint slabs appear in Jasmine's hand. For the salmon, however, a real fish appears)  What do you like, besides the salmon? (Genie throws the salmon against a wall) Okay, Madonna. Don't keep it.  Just put that in the mix, wink. (Genie nudges Jasmine with his elbow)  Okay, I see lasers! (Genie turns the throne room into a Las Vegas-like atmosphere, complete with lasers and flashing lights) It's a miracle! He believes, he believes! (Genie turns into Elvis Presley) Thank you very much!
Jasmine (Giggling): I don't think so...
Genie: (Back to normal) Tres gauch right? Well, maybe you could elope? No, you can't elope. But oh honeydew! (Genie throws a honeydew melon to the center of the room) Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha! (The honeydew turns into a carriage. Jasmine's attire changes to Cinderella's) I don't whether to put it under props or produce. Please, don't squeeze the tires, they're not ripe. And how 'bout that gown? (Genie makes the carriage disappear. Jasmine appears in Snow White's down, with forest animals all around her. Genie acts as an announcer) Whether you're dancing with dwarves or simply biting the apple, it says I'm a princess for now!
Jasmine: Uh, Genie...
Genie: (Changing Jasmine back to normal) Hey, it's Synergy. (Other Genies wearing lab coats appear. One holds up a picture of Jasmine. Another Genie holds up pictures of Ariel's, Minnie Mouse's, and Jessica Rabbit's clothing in front of the picture of Jasmine) The marketing guys are very excited, it tests really well!
Jasmine: Thank you Genie. I'm sure it will be wonderful. (Kisses Genie on the cheek) And thanks for cheering me up.
Genie: (as Bing Crosby) I'm sure Ali Baba and the boy are on the road to Agrabah right now. Isn't that right Bob? (As Bob Hope) That's right, Bing, how 'bout this town? Is it wild or what? It's like one giant sand trap, and me without my wedgie. Hey, let's give a big hand for Brooke Shields.
Cassim: I find my son, and lose my enemy. You did your old man proud, Aladdin.
Aladdin: I was just trying to stay alive.
Cassim: Ha! If you didn't fight, you would have been killed. So says the code of the Forty Thieves.
Iago: Does this code have any rules that don't end in death?
Cassim: It's a strict code. But there's one thing that I added. We never hurt the innocent.
Iago: For future reference, I'm as innocent as the day I was hatched.
Abu: Oh brother...
Cassim: My men don't even know about this place.
Cassim: Listen boy, there is a treasure. The Ultimate Treasure. (Cassim throws his torch into water, extinguishing it.) Compared to this, a pharaoh's tomb is a pauper's grave. A sultan's fortune nothing but... lunch money! And I am this close to it... (Cassim makes a gesture with his hand, indicating how close.)
Iago: That's tantalizingly close...
Cassim: But it's on an island that is never in the same place twice. (Cassim digs into a closet and pulls out a rug.) The Vanishing Isle.
Iago: That... would be a problem.
Aladdin: What is this Ultimate Treasure?
Cassim: The big one, boy. The Hand of Midas.
Aladdin (Rolling his eyes): It's just a myth!
Cassim: It's not a myth, boy.
Cassim: It was once right here, look, there's your proof. (Cassim angles the torch to the water. A reflection of a golden ship appears.) From stern to stem, every piece of rigging every peg and board, all of it! Solid gold!
Abu (Hanging over the ledge): Oooh...
Iago: Adopt me Daddy-o!
Cassim: Touched by the Hand of Midas
Aladdin: And sunk by it...
Cassim: You don't understand. You don't know what it's like to have nothing. To stare up at the palace and know you deserve more. (Cassim throws the torch into the water) To be called "street rat".
Aladdin (Going through the curtain and into the main room): Yes, I do.
Cassim: I knew exactly what I wanted for my family, the best. (Cassim, coming through the curtain, puts his arm around Aladdin's shoulders.) I couldn't give up and go back empty handed. But the weeks turned into months and the months turned into years... I came back to Agrabah one night, but I couldn't find my wife, or my son. I thought my family was lost forever. At that moment, I would have traded anything to get your mother back...
Aladdin: We never wanted gold... we wanted you. I wanted a father, I still do. Come to my wedding. This time, you have an invitation.
Cassim: Aladdin, I just don't know...
Aladdin (Putting his hand on Cassim's shoulder): Dad, I'm not going back to Agrabah until morning. At least think about it?
Cassim: Aladdin may never understand, but it just wouldn't work. I don't belong in his world.
Iago (Landing on Cassim's shoulder.): The Oracle doesn't belong in his world either. It belongs in the hands of two enterprising treasure hunters, you and me.
Cassim: The Oracle... probably just another dead end.
Iago: It works! That's how the kid found you, it knows everything!
Cassim: Everything?
Iago (Landing on a book bearing the symbol of Midas): And I know where they stashed it. Cassim, we're talking about the wedding of your only son.
Iago (Rubbing his hands together): It's a once in a lifetime opportunity...
Cassim (Resting his hand on his chin with a smile): How can I pass it up?
Sa'luk: Captain, over here!
Rasoul (Pointing his sword toward Sa'luk): Show yourself!
Sa'luk: You're alone, good.
Rasoul (Approaching Sa'luk): So, you are the one with information about the Forty Thieves?
Sa'luk: What would you say if I handed you the King of Thieves?
Rasoul: I'd say... (Rasoul puts his sword away) ...what's in it for you?
Sa'luk: I'll just sleep better knowing that he's off the streets... and on the executioner's block.
Rasoul: Everyone knows that the King of Thieves cannot be caught. What miracle do you possess?
Sa'luk (Walking closer to Rasoul): Two words that will make you Agrabah's greatest hero- Open Sesame.
Aladdin: Hop on, Dad!
Cassim: Oh no! It's a rug, you sweep dirt under it, you don't fly on it. At least, I don't.
Aladdin: (Circling Cassim) Don't be afraid, it's fun!
Cassim: I am not afraid! Now, get off that thing before you break your neck!
Aladdin: I trust Carpet with my life! (Aladdin jumps off Carpet) (To Carpet) Give 'em time, he'll come around.
Cassim: (Walking up some stairs) We'll take horses. Horses were good enough for my father, and his father before him. And they were always good enough for me.
Aladdin: He sounds like a father, alright.
Abu: Uh huh.
Rasoul (Stopping his horse): Whoa! This is the spot men.
Fazal: But there is nothing here!
Rasoul: Now, but watch. (Opening his arms, with a big smile on his face) Open Caraway! (Nothing happens. Rasoul smile fades)
Hakim: There is still nothing here...
Rasoul: When I get a hold of that no good... (Rasoul turns around to leave)
Fazal: But I thought you said it was Open Sesame?
Aladdin: Looks like Genie has everything ready...
Abu: Yeah, uh huh.
Cassim: Genie? You have a Genie? Have you used all three wishes yet?
Iago: Oh, please, don't go into it. It's just too painful.
Genie: Oh, Al! You're back! And you're front! You're both here! (Genie hugs Aladdin)
Aladdin: That's great Genie...
Genie: (Puts his hand over Aladdin's lips, silencing him.) Security's tight. No big crowd, immediate family only.
Aladdin: Perfect, because this is my...
Genie: No lowlifes this time, other than the parrot of course. Observe... (Genie pulls out a remote. He pushes a button, and a giant robot comes out.]
Robot: You have violated the perimeter of the Aladdin and Jasmine wedding; prepare to be vaporized, thank you. (A laser shoots toward the group. They all duck)
Genie: Armed and dangerous. I'd like to see one of those Forty Thieves get within an inch of your wedding. (Makes a gesture with his fingers)
Iago: Allow me to introduce...
Cassim: Ha ha, the King of Thieves
Genie: Ah! All units, we have a code red ("Code red" echoes about as dozens of Genies in army uniforms come out of all corners of the Palace. Another posse of Genies, as Scotsman wearing kilts, appears) Come on boys, follow me! (The Genies approach the group, playing bagpipes. Another posse of Genies appear, as soldiers on horses) Calvary commence! Code red! (A plane flies over the palace. Genie soldiers jump out.) Geronimo! Arapaho! Navajo! (Genie, dressed as Pocahontas, jumps out of the plane) Pocahontas! Code red. (Hundreds of Genies carrying guns surround Cassim and Iago.) Do not attempt to move, or we'll be shooting ourselves.
Aladdin: (Breaks through the crowd) Genie!
Genie: Back off, Al. This creep has a yellow sheet as long as my arm.
Aladdin: Genie, meet my dad.
Genie: Stand down boys, smoke 'em if you got 'em. (The other Genies disappear. Genie approaches Cassim) If you're Al's dad, and the King of Thieves, I just wanna know one thing.
Cassim: Yeah?
Genie: (Wearing a tuxedo and a bowtie) Will you be having the chicken or the sea bass?
Aladdin: Come on, Dad. I can't wait for you to meet Jasmine and the Sultan.
Genie: Ahem, Al? (Genie stops him) Don't you think we should lose the 'Agrabah's Most Wanted' look? (Genie pulls down a poster reading "Agrabah's Most Wanted." Cassim's head is in the place of the picture.)
Cassim (Shaking the poster away from him): What's wrong with the way I look?
Aladdin: When you're here, you're not the King of Thieves. (Aladdin pulls down Cassim's mask) You're my dad.
Cassim: (Pulling the cloak away from his head) I've had more practice being the King of Thieves...
Genie: Oh, Come on, enough of this dark past. Let's roll out something a little new.
Genie:	 It's a big, bright, beautiful future. Thank your lucky stars you're alive You've got someone special to talk to A friend that you can trust for life You've been on your own with no family ties But those solo days are done You'll be two of a kind, spending quality time together As father and son. Building model ships Takin' fishing trips Working hand in hand Painting the palace, mowing the sand First and ten to go, with your daddy o. Once you break the ice You could postulate paternal advice I see you're traveling at the speed of life. That's the theory of relatives. It's fine, fantabulous future I see fruit on the family tree You'll be great as a grumpy old grandpa Bouncing babies on your knee You could fall asleep on the comfy couch, after playing one on one. Dreaming back to back that you walloped the Shaq Together, as father and son.
Cassim: 	May be a bumpy ride
Aladdin: 	We'll make it side by side
Genie: 	Good afternoon, I'll be your travel guide Move over laddy make room for daddy Got a whole new shoulder to cry on Take a chance now, give it a spin You've had chums for paling around with But you've never had a friend like him Put your checkered past behind you now No more living on the run Face the big, bright, beautiful future together, together, together, together... As father and son...
Cassim: My boy Aladdin must have been born under a lucky star to find such a treasure.
Jasmine: You are most definitely Aladdin's father.
Genie: I have the DNA to prove it.
Sultan: It must have been dreadful, trapped by the Forty Thieves!
Genie: Uh oh...
Cassim: I try to block out the memories...
Sultan: Say no more, not another word on the subject!
Cassim: Yes, let's turn our attention to happier thoughts. The blessed union of our children! (Cassim picks the Sultan up and hugs him.)
Sultan: Indeed...
Aladdin: It worked Genie! They love 'im!
Genie: (Genie takes off his scalp) It's the hat. Nothing does the trick like a smart chapeau
Cassim: Ah, back among civilized people, back among family...
Aladdin: It's more than that. All he needed was a second chance.
Cassim: ...It's a miracle.
Thieves: You'll pay for this! You sold us out!
Thief: Ow! He got my nose...
Sa'luk: He's not in there!
Sa'luk: You didn't capture the King of Thieves?
Rasoul: Because he was not at the hideout.
Sa'luk: He had to be there, where else would he be?
Guard: Apologizes, Captain Rasoul...
Rasoul and Sa'luk: (Yelling) What?
Guard: Well, The Sultan said he won't be able to sentence your prisoners until tomorrow...
Rasoul: What's more important than sentencing my prisoners?
Guard: Why the wedding! Princess Jasmine and Aladdin are finally getting married!
Sa'luk: Aladdin? (Sa'luk grabs the young guard by the shirt) You didn't capture Aladdin with the others? (Sa'luk throws the guard on the ground)
Rasoul: Why would he be with the Forty Thieves?
Sa'luk: Because his father is the King of Thieves!
Sultan: Oh, where could he be? I do hope nothing's wrong. Perhaps we should dispatch a search party?
Jasmine: Now father, I'm sure he's... on his way.
Aladdin: Where is he?
Genie: Hakuna Matata! (Genie changes back to normal) Whoa... I was having an out of movie experience. My guess is he wants to make an entrance.
Iago: Here's the monkey's lock picks. You know how to use 'em?
Cassim: I promise you bird, after this, I go straight.
Rasoul: Straight to the dungeon!
Iago: Ah!
Rasoul: We've been expecting you!
Jasmine: Do you think something is wrong?
Aladdin: Genie, can you find him?
Genie: I'll sniff him out. (Genie turns in to Pluto and begins sniffing around) I need a scrap of his clothes or a lock of his hair... (Genie smells a shoe that is in his path) Or shoe, a shoe's good...
Aladdin: Huh?
Sultan: Rasoul, what is the meaning of this?
Rasoul: (Rasoul pushes Cassim toward the Sultan) Your majesty, meet the King of Thieves.
Aladdin: Dad! (Aladdin tries to grab Cassim, but guards hold him back.)
Rasoul: We seized him in the Treasury. He was after this- (Rasoul holds out the Oracle) -Again.
Aladdin: No...
Rasoul: And this is his accomplice.
Iago: Big misunderstanding! It's a slap on the wrist and, uh, community service kinda thing!
Aladdin: Now I know why you really came back...
Sultan: Your father is the leader of the Forty Thieves? This is most... ooh!
Jasmine: Aladdin, did you know?
Aladdin: I thought I could change him, I had to try!
Cassim: You can change my clothes Aladdin, you can't change who I am.
Rasoul: And the law is crystal clear on what we must now do!
Jasmine: (Puts her hand on Sultan's shoulder) Father, isn't there another way?
Sultan: I'm afraid there is not. Take the prisoners to the dungeon.
Iago: Dungeon?
Sultan: For life.
Iago: Life?
Genie: (To Aladdin) There's some wishes that even I can't make come true...
Aladdin: The Oracle was right. My dad was trapped in the world of the Forty Thieves. Trapped by his own greed. I was so stupid to think I could change him.
Genie: Trying to show him a better life wasn't stupid, Al. (Using his fist as a puppet) Leaving him alone with the parrot, that was stupid.
Aladdin: Everything was perfect before he came into my life. I just want things the way they were. Genie, I need my father's clothes.
Genie: A A Al, what did you wrap the turban too tight? (Genie makes a twisty motion with his fingers) Come on, why would you want to dress in the 'King of Thieves' ensemble?
Genie: Might I suggest something that doesn't actually say (Wearing a prison uniform) "Arrest me!"?
Aladdin: (Wearing Cassim's outfit) It fits. Good.
Genie (As the Oracle): I'm seeing, I'm seeing... (Genie changes back to normal) nothing for your future if you dress like this!
Aladdin: I'm breaking my father out of the dungeon. The guards'll never know I was there. Tonight, the King of Thieves will make his most miraculous escape ever... out of my life. (He leaves)
Genie: It's the cape talking, isn't it?
Fazal: Since he's captured the King of Thieves, there's no living with Rasoul.
Hakim: Well, it wasn't exactly easy living with him before.
Cassim: Who?
Aladdin: I've come to say goodbye (Aladdin begins unlocking Cassim's chains)
Cassim: Why are you...?
Aladdin: We don't have much time. While the guards chase me, you get out. (Aladdin takes the cuffs off Cassim's wrists)
Cassim: I can't let you...
Aladdin: (Throwing the keys to Cassim) Forget it. They can't catch me.
Cassim: He even sounds like me...
Rasoul: When the Sultan gives me my due, I'll put the good word in for you, the little people who... (Rasoul sees Aladdin's reflection in the mirror) It can't be. (Hakim, Fazal, and Rasoul go into the hallway.) He was here, I know it.
Fazal: The King of Thieves!
Hakim: No man can escape that cell!
Fazal: He isn't a man I say, he's a demon!
Rasoul: I want him, dead or alive!
Rasoul: Surround the block! He's close... I can feel it.
Guards: Which way did he go? I don't see him! Look over that way, hurry!
Fazal (Pointing upward): There, the King of Thieves, on the roof!
Rasoul: Get up there, now, now, now!
Fazal: Found him!
Hakim: Lost him.
Guards: (Hanging over the edge of the roof, searching for Aladdin) Which way did he go? I heard him over there... no over there, over there!
Rasoul: Gotcha. (Aladdin falls) The King of Thieves. Your charmed life is over, your majesty! (Rasoul tries to stab Aladdin, but Aladdin pulls away. The cape rips, revealing Aladdin's true identity) You?
Aladdin: Yes.
Rasoul: Then, I guess I'll have to settle for the Prince of Thieves. We shall see if the Sultan wants you in his family now.
Cassim: Keep your hands off my son!
Aladdin: Dad?
Cassim: Hurry son, we must move!
Aladdin: Did we lose 'em?
Iago (Hanging off the side of Cassim's horse): I don't know, but I did lose my lunch back there...
Cassim: They won't be able to pick up our trail until daylight. By then, we'll be long gone from Agrabah. (Aladdin looks back at the Palace of Agrabah) I'm sorry for what you lost, but you can't go back now, you know that. (Aladdin gets off his horse) What are you doing?
Aladdin: I'm not going with you... I can't.
Cassim: Well, you can't go back! The moment they saw your face your life in Agrabah was over.
Aladdin: I have to go back. Jasmine is there.
Iago: Kid, it's over, you're a criminal now.
Aladdin: I won't do what he did, I won't run away.
Cassim: (Approaching Aladdin) I never ran away from anything in my life!
Aladdin: You ran away from your family!
Cassim: I told you what happened. What else could I do, what else can you do?
Aladdin: The right thing. You should take this back. (Aladdin throws the Midas Dagger at Cassim).
Cassim: You can't!
Aladdin: I won't walk out on Jasmine!
Cassim: Aladdin...
Aladdin: I'm your son, but I can't live your life.
Iago: Al, they'll lock you up!
Aladdin: If there's a punishment, I'll take it.
Cassim: So be it...
Iago: (Landing on Aladdin's shoulder) We have the Oracle, the treasure's just waitin' for us!
Aladdin: The Oracle?
Cassim: I had nothing left to lose!
Aladdin: Yes, you did.
Iago: It was supposed to be a father son outing.
Aladdin: (Aladdin takes Iago off his shoulder) Go with him, Iago.
Iago: What? Ya mean it? Really?
Aladdin: Go! (Aladdin gestures Iago toward Cassim)
Iago: (Iago salutes Aladdin) Good luck, kid...
Fat White Man: The Forty Thieves down to seven. What are we to do?
Skinny, White Man: How did they find us? How did they learn the magic words? (The ground starts shaking) Another raid?
Triplets: Not again!
Fat, Asian Man: (Standing and karate chopping) It is a good day to die!
Sa'luk: (From the entrance) Or to come back from the dead!
Fat, White Man: Sa'luk?
Triplets: You're alive?
Skinny, Green Man: Impossible...
Sa'luk: I'm a survivor, like all of you. (Sa'luk puts his claws on) No thanks to Cassim.
Skinny, White Man: The King?
Fat, Asian Man: You saw him?
Fat, White Man: What's he want us to do now?
Sa'luk: He wants you to rot in the palace dungeon!
Triplets: (The triplets stand on top of each other) Bah... the King of Thieves is loyal to the end!
Sa'luk: (Sa'luk knocks them over) Pushovers!
Triplets: Ouch...
Sa'luk: He betrayed you, sold you out.
Fat, Asian Man: You have always hated the King. Why should we believe you?
Sa'luk: How do you think the guard got the magic words?
Fat, White Man: He told him the magic words?
Triplets: I don't believe it!
Fat, White Man: Me neither!
Sa'luk: Ha! Ha! You have forgotten what life was like before Cassim.
Sa'luk: 	I remember a time when crime was sublime There was plenty of loot in the lair. We'd plunder and pillage and ransack a village With nary a worry or care Then along came this king with his soft hearted dream But he ratted us out in the end! So rally the troops, we were meant to regroup. And return to our roots once again. Are you in or out? Gotta know without a doubt I'm the one you need for a dirty deed I'm the best, success is guaranteed Are you men or mice? Take a slice of my advice You want a fearless leader, one that's strong and stout? Better vote for me Are you in or out?
Fat, Asian Man: 	We used to be smart
Skinny, Green Man: Yes, horrendously heartless
Skinny, White Man: In a ravaging raid we were rough!
Triplets: 	We knew that we had to be blissfully bad Then Cassim brought this sensitive stuff!
Thieves: 	And we strayed from the path of our rigorous wrath. Now we're taking a bath in the dust! But we'll reclaim our winnings, our humble beginnings In turmoil and torture, we trust! Are you in or out?
Sa'luk: 	Double crossers or devout? Put your faith in me, pretty soon you'll see I'm the prince of generosity!
Thieves: 	Are you foe or friend?
Sa'luk: 	Here's the path I recommend You wanna ride to fame, I've got the fastest route What's it gonna be? Are you in or out?
Skinny, White Man: We'll go robbing in all the right places
Triplets: 		From Agrabah dunes to Bali
Skinny, Green Man: Imagine the fear on their faces
Fat, White Man: 	When we drop by for cookies and tea...
Sa'luk: 	Come along boys, follow me! Are you in or out? If you're with me, give a shout
Thieves: 	Yah!
Sa'luk: 	I'll lead you all the way into the glory days
Thieves: 	We'll begin a life of crime that pays
Triplet: 	Are you out or in?
Triplet2: 	Make your choice now, sink or swim?
Sa'luk: 	You can stick with me, or stay behind and pout
Thieves: 	What's it gonna be?
Sa'luk: 	Consider carefully
Thieves: 	Are you in or out?
Iago: I know the treasure's limitless. But I'm not crazy about a forty way split.  If it was just uh, you and me...
Cassim: I would never cut my men out of the deal. They're my family, my only family. I can always count on them.
Cassim: I'm home!
Iago: Why don't they look happy to see you?
Sa'luk: (Emerging from the crowd) We are, we're thrilled! (Sa'luk holds his claws out to Cassim)
Cassim: Hurry, little friend.
Iago: I'm wriggling, I'm wriggling.
Sa'luk: I am growing impatient, Cassim. Ask the question.
Cassim: We must be ah...
Iago: Just a little further...
Cassim: Further out to sea...
Sa'luk: No, ask it now!
Iago: (Almost free) Now's good.
Cassim: Where can we find the Hand of Midas?
Oracle: The Vanishing Isle will appear at dawn. I will show you the way... (A trail of light appears in the water)
Cassim: There's your setting, captain.
Sultan: Frankly, my boy, your actions were most disappointing.
Rasoul: It is tragic your highness, but the street rat has obviously followed in his father's footsteps. Aladdin is a criminal.
Genie: I object, your honor. (Genie turns the setting into a courtroom, with Sultan as the judge and Rasoul as the bailiff) I object to that outrageous statement. And I object to a tertiary character having any lines during my big courtroom scene. (Genie hands Rasoul a briefcase) Take this to a higher court, chow! (Genie blasts Rasoul out of the scene)  Your honor, if I may enter a plea of insanity, because I'm crazy about this kid! (Genie messes up Aladdin's hair)
Aladdin: (Pushes Genie away) Genie, I can handle this myself. Sultan, I convinced my father to come here. It was my fault. I would've been better off if I'd never known him.
Jasmine: Aladdin, you found your father. A father who risked his freedom to see your wedding. And you risked everything to save him. Just as I would for my father.
Sultan: Your father? (Softening) Well... well yes... Aladdin, I could not overlook your father's crimes, but what you have done, well, you did it out of love. And you came back to take responsibility for your actions. Let us put this matter behind us. I believe we have postponed the wedding long enough.
Genie: Okay, good call! Let's give a big hand for the wise and generous Sultan! (Sultan is led away by two large Genie hands)
Iago: Al's dad... Sa'luk...
Jasmine: Just take a deep breath, Iago. Now what about Aladdin's father?
Iago: It's Sa'luk, the guy Al beat. He's not beat, he's back. And he's got Cassim.
Aladdin: (Turning away from Iago) That's his problem. He chose to go back to that life...
Genie: Al, your dad's made a lot of bad choices, but that doesn't mean you have to.
Jasmine: He is your father, how can you do anything else?
Aladdin: I'm being as stubborn as he was... (To Iago) Show me the way!
Oracle: You have arrived.
Fat, White Man: Where is it?
Fat, Asian Man: I see nothing. Nothing but fog!
Sa'luk: (Holding his claws out to Cassim) I've had enough of your trickery!
Cassim: No! This is it. The Vanishing Isle. Watch.
Aladdin: The Vanishing Isle!
Jasmine: On the back of a giant turtle.
Aladdin: And never in the same place twice. Let's get closer.
Genie: (Dropping in on a parachute, dressed as Rambo) Prepare to rock and roll, dudes!
Genie: (As a monk) I am here, (Genie, still as a monk, appears on the other side of the thieves) I am here.
Genie: (As a hillbilly) How 'bout a packet of Nutty Buddies? (Genie pushes the thief back with his stomach)
Aladdin: Genie, we need a distraction.
Genie: Survey says: Show me turtle! (Genie flies to the turtle. He is dressed as a wrestler) Boom! Another fake blow to the head. Boom! (As a wrestling announcer) Oh no! He's got'em in the half nelson. Now he's got'em in the full nelson. Oh no, the dreaded Ozzie Nelson! (As Ozzie Nelson) Rick, boys, maybe you want to come over here and see what's happening? (As the wrestling announcer, moving toward the turtle's mouth) He's coming in quick. Oh no, he's up, he's down, and he's actually inside the turtle! We'll be right back after a brief message. (Genie is now inside the turtle) Tickle, tickle, tickle!
Aladdin: It took me years to find my father. I'm not losing him again!
Cassim: You came to help me? (Aladdin frees him)
Aladdin: How could I do anything else? Now let's get that treasure of yours.
Cassim: Amazing. (Cassim points upward) There!  (A giant golden hand is floating in the sky)
Aladdin: Whoa! Feels like Genie got carried away!
Cassim: No! It's the Vanishing Isle! The turtle is diving! We must climb higher!
Cassim: Almost there! Can't you see Aladdin? We were meant to do this together! Come on!
Cassim: Pity I didn't find this place years ago. This would be much easier if I were much younger. (Cassim gets ready to jump to the floating hand. Aladdin jumps toward the hand) Aladdin!
Aladdin: See, it pays to have a junior partner!
Cassim: Be careful! Don't touch the golden hand.
Aladdin: (Aladdin pulls on the Hand. It doesn't move. Aladdin turns it, and picks it up.) Heads up! (Aladdin throws the Hand to Cassim. Cassim catches it in his cape. It turns to gold.)
Cassim: Ha ha! The Hand of Midas! (Cassim touches the base of the cavern with the hand. The entire cavern turns to solid gold.) Time to go, Aladdin!
Sa'luk: Nobody's going anywhere. Give the Hand of Midas to me, Cassim, or your son dies.
Cassim: Sa'luk, your battle is with me!
Aladdin: Don't worry, Dad, I can take 'em alone.
Cassim: But you're not alone. Not anymore. You want the Hand of Midas, Sa'luk? Take it! (Cassim throws the Hand of Midas to Sa'luk)
Sa'luk: (Sa'luk catches the Hand) The Hand of Midas is mine! And also, the life of your brat. (To Aladdin) What are you staring at? (Sa'luk realizes that he caught the Hand of Midas by the golden part. He drops it.) no... no... No... NO... Ahhhh! (It is too late; Sa'luk turns into a golden statue and falls into the sea. Aladdin winces)
Cassim: Hurry, son! We're running out of time.
Aladdin: Come on, Dad. You can do it!
Cassim: Yes. But it would be a lot easier without this. (Cassim takes off the golden cape and drops it into the water.)
Aladdin: (Handing the Hand to Cassim) After all these years, you finally have your treasure.
Cassim: This thing? No. This retched thing almost cost me the Ultimate Treasure. It's you, son. You are my Ultimate Treasure. (Cassim hugs Aladdin) I'm just sorry it took me this long to realize it. The Hand of Midas can take its curse to the bottom of the sea! (Cassim throws the Hand of Midas over the edge of the island. It lands on the boat below, where the seven thieves are waiting to leave)
Fat, White Man: It's gold. It's turned everything to solid gold!
Skinny, White Man: We are sinking!
Iago: I didn't see where they went it, they could be anywhere!
Jasmine: (Pointing to the top of the island) There they are!
Cassim: Get up here you blasted rug!
Aladdin: You actually trust this thing?
Cassim: With my life, son.
Aladdin: Genie?
Aladdin: Genie?
Genie: (Appears beside Carpet) Present!
Aladdin: (To Jasmine) Let's go home. We have some unfinished business.
Sultan: Yes!
Iago: Out in the open? No mask? Pretty risky if you ask me.
Cassim: Even a wanted man can risk a bit to see his own son's wedding. (He gets down on one knee in front of Iago) So, you little turkey, come to say goodbye?
Iago: Nah, I already said my goodbyes. Of course, the monkey had a cry, and that got me goin'... (Iago wipes a tear away from his eye)
Cassim: You're not going to live in the palace?
Iago: With the newly weds? (Cassim jumps off the edge of the pavilion, and lands on top of his horse) It'll be too lovey dovey! I just as soon keep my will to live.
Cassim: Well, I don't know where I'm going, but you're welcome to come along for the ride.
Iago: (Iago lands on Cassim's shoulder) You're a good guy, Cassim, but not good. Ha Ha! (Cassim and Iago ride off).
Merchant: 	So it goes short and sweet They were wed down the street May their marriage be truly blessed Happy end to the tale And tomorrow's a sale So I'd better go home and rest Here's a kiss and a hug Sure you don't need a rug? I assure the price is right Well, salaam worthy friend Come back soon, that's the end Till another Arabian Night.
