Madame:	Marie, my little one, you are going to be as beautiful as your mother. Isn't she, Duchess? Duchess meows
Madame:	Careful, Toulouse! You're making it very difficult for Edgar.
Edgar:	Whoa, Frou-frou, whoa. Steady, girl.
Madame (getting out of the coach): Thank you, Edgar. Oh. Of course, Frou-frou, I almost forgot
Edgar:	Madame, uh-- may I take your parcel, Madame? It really is much too heavy for you, Madame.
Madame:	Now, tut-tut, Edgar. Don't fuss over me.
Duchess: Berlioz, come back here. Haven't you forgotten something, darling?
Berlioz: Thank you, miss Frou-frou, for letting me ride on your back.
Frou-frou chuckles: You are quite welcome, young man.
Berlioz: How was that, Mama?
Duchess: Very good, darling, that was very nice.
Madame from the front door: Come along, Duchess, kittens, come along Oh, and Edgar, I'm expecting my attorney, Georges Hautecourt. You remember him, of course.
Edgar:	Of course, Madame. How could anyone forget him?
Georges:		Ta-ra-ra-boom-de-ay Ta-ra-ra-boom-de-ay Ta-ra-ra-boom-de-ay Ta-ra-ra-boom-de-- Ta-ra-ra-boom-de-ay
Edgar:	Ah, good day, sir. Madame is expecting you, sir.
Georges: Evening, evening, Edgar. Ta-ra-ra-boom-de-ay Ta-ra-ra-boom-de-ay
Edgar: Oh, another ringer, sir. You never miss.
Georges (walking upstairs): Come on, Edgar. Last one up the stairs is a nincompoop.
Edgar:	Could we take the elevator this time, sir?
Georges: That bird cage? poppycock! Elevators are for old people. Oops!
Edgar:	Oh, uh-- may I give you a hand, sir?
Georges: You haven't got an extra foot, have you, Edgar?
Edgar:	That always makes me laugh, sir. Yes. Every time. Whoa! Oh! Let go of my cane! Careful, sir. Oh please! I'm frighfully sorry, sir!
Georges: Don't panic Edgar. Upward and onward! Whee!
Edgar:	Oof!
Georges: Am I going too fast for you, Edgar?
Edgar:	Oh please, sir, hold on!
Madame:	There now, Duchess. That's better. We must both look our best for Georges. He's our oldest and dearest friend, you know.
Madame: Come in.
Edgar:	Announcing... Monsieur.. Georges... Hautecourt!
Madame: Oh, my goodness, Edgar. I know it's Georges.
Georges: Adelaide, my, my dear.
Madame: So good to see you, Georges.
Georges: Ah, still the softest hands in all of Paris, eh?
Madame: You're a shameless flatterer, Georges
Georges: Adelaide, that, that music, it's from Carmen, isn't it?
Madame: That's right. It was my favorite role.
Georges: Yes, yes! It was the night of your grand premiere that we first met, remember?
Madame: Oh, indeed I do.
Laywer: And how we celebrated your success! Champagne, dancing the night away.
Madame: Oh, Georges!
Madame: Oh, thank goodness, just in time. Ah, Georges, we're just a pair of sentimental old fools Now, Georges, do be serious. I've asked you to come here on a very important legal matter.
Georges:Wha--? Oh! Splendid! Splendid! Who do you want me to sue, eh?
Madame:	Oh, come now, Georges, I don't wish you to sue anyone. I simply want to make my will.
Georges:Will, eh? Will. Well. Now, then, who are the beneficiaries?
Madame: Well, as you know, I have no living relatives, And naturally, I want my beloved cats to be always cared for. And certainly no one can do this better than my faithful servant, Edgar.
Georges: Edgar? Adelaide, you mean to say you're leaving your vast fortune to Edgar? Everything you posess? Stock and bonds? This-- This mansion? Your country chateau? Art treasures, jewels and--
Madame: No, no, no, Georges, to my cats.
Georges:To your cats?
Edgar gasps: Cats?
Madame: Yes, Georges. I simply wish to have the cats inherit first. Then, at the end of their life span, my entire estate will revert to Edgar.
Edgar:	Cats inherit first! And I come after the cats. I, me, after-- no. It's not fair! Ooh! I mean, each cat will live about 12 years. I can't wait. And each cat has nine lives, that's four times twelve multiplied by nine times. No it's less than that. Anyway, it's much longer that I'd ever live. I'll be gone. No. Oh, no. They'll be gone. I'll think of a way. Why, there are a million of reasons why I should! All of them dollars. Millions. Those cats have got to go.
Berlioz: Wait for me, wait for me!
Marie:	Me first! Me first!
Toulouse: Why should you be first?
Marie:	Because I am a lady, that's why.
Toulouse: Huh. You are not a lady.
Berlioz: You're nothing but a sister!
Marie:	Oh! I'll show you if I'm a lady or not.
Marie:	Stop tickling!
Toulouse: Get her, Berlioz! Het her!
Berlioz: Fight fair, Marie!
Toulouse: Females never fight fair.
Marie:	Ow! Now that hurt! Mama! Mama!
Duchess: Marie, darling. Marie, you must stop that. This is really not ladylike. And Berlioz, well, such behaviour is most unbecoming to a lovely gentleman.
Berlioz: Well, she started it.
Marie:	Ladies do not start fights, but they can finish them.
Duchess: Berlioz, now, don't be rude.
Berlioz: We were just practicing biting and clawing.
Duchess (fixing Marie's bowtie): Aristocrats do not practice biting and clawing and things like that -- it's just horrible!
Toulouse (from the table): But someday, we might meet a tough alley cat.
Duchess laughs: Now that will do. It's time we concerned ourselves with self-improvement. Now, you want to grow up to be lovely, charming ladies and gentlemen. Now Toulouse, you go and start on with your painting.
Toulouse (standing up): Yes, Mama.
Marie:	Mama, may we watch Toulouse paint before we start our music lesson? Please?
Duchess: Well, yes my love, but you must be very quiet.
Toulouse: Oops! Uh-oh.. Aha... Yeah!
Marie giggles: It's Edgar!
Berlioz: Yeah. Old picklepuss Edgar!
Duchess laughs: "Old Picklepuss"? Now, now, Berlioz, that is not kind. You know Edgar is so fond of all of us and takes very good care of us.
Edgar sings:		Rock-a-bye, kitties, bye-bye you go La la la la, and I'm in the dough Oh Edgar, you sly old fox. Oops! Oh, dear! A slip of a hand and it's off to dreamland. I say, that's not at all bad. "Slip of the hand, dreamland"
Duchess: Now, let's leave Toulouse to his painting. Now dear, you go to the piano and run along. Both of you, go ahead.
Marie:	Yes, Mama.
Berlioz: Yes, Mama.
Duchess: It's time to practice your scales and your arpeggios.
Berlioz: Ow!
Marie:	I am ready, maestro.
Marie:	Oh! Mama! He did it again!
Berlioz whispers: Tattletale!
Duchess: Now, Berlioz. Now, please, darling, settle down, and play me your pretty little song.
Berlioz: Yes, Mama.
Marie sings:		Doe me so doe doe so me doe Every truly cultured music student knows You must learn your scales and your arpeggios While you sing your scales and your arpeggios
Berlioz:		If you're faithful to your daily practicing You will find your progress is encouraging Doe me so me doe me so me fa la so it goes When you sing your scales and your arpeggios
Marie:			Doe me so doe--
Duchess and Marie:	Doe me so doe doe so me doe Doe me so doe doe so me doe Though at first it seems as though it doesn't show Like a tree, ability will root and grow
Duchess, Marie, Toulouse: If you're smart you'll learn by heart what every artist knows
Duchess, Marie:		You must sing your scales
Duchess, Marie, Toulouse: And your arpe-e-e-gios!
Edgar:	Ah, good evening, my littles ones. Your favorite dish, prepared a very special way. It's creme de la creme a la Edgar. Sleep well. I-I mean, eat, eat well, of course.
Roquefort: Ahem! Good evening, Duchess. Hello kittens.
Marie:	Hello, Roquefort.
Toulouse: Hi, Roquefort.
Duchess: Good eveving, monsieur Roquefort.
Roquefort (sniffing): Mmm! Something smells awfully good. What is that appetizing smell?
Marie:	It's creme de la creme a la Edgar.
Duchess: Won't you join us, monsieur Roquefort?
Roquefort: Well, yes. I-I mean-- well, I don't mean to interrupt, but-- but it so happens that... I haevv a cracker with me.
Berlioz: Come on, Rodeford, have some
Roquefort: Oh, thank you. Don't mind if I do Just a few dunks. Mm. Ooh. Very good. My compliments to the chef.
Marie:	Mm! This is yummy!
Roquefort: Mm.. Delicious! Double delicious! This calls for another cracker. I'll be right back.
Roquefort: So, that's... creme... de la creme... a la Edgar.
Napoleon: Lafayette. Hey, Lafayette.
Napoleon: Lafayette!
Lafayette: Hey, I'm right here!
Napoleon: Listen. Wheels approaching.
Lafayette: Oh, Napoleon, we done bit six tires today. Chased four motorcars and a bicycle and a scooter.
Napoleon: Hush your mouth! Two-cylinder, chain drive, one squeaky wheel on the front, it sounds like. Now, you go for the tires, and I'll go right for the seat of the problem.
Lafayette: How come you always grab the tender part for yourself?
Napoleon: 'Cause I outrank you, that's why. Now stop beating your gums and sound the attack!
Napoleon: No, that's mess call!
Lafayette: Made a mess of it, huh?
Napoleon: You can be replaced, you know.
Lafayette: Okay, let's charge!
Napoleon: Wait a minute, I'm the leader! I'm the one that says when we go. Here we go. Charge!
Edgar:	Nice doggy! Nice doggy! Heel, roll over, play dead!
Lafayette: This sure beats runnin', Napoleon.
Lafayette: Step on the gas, Napoleon!
Napoleon: I got her wide open!
Duchess: Oh! Oh, where am I? I am not at home at all. Children, where are you? Answer me! Berlioz? Toulouse, Marie, where are you?
Marie: Here I am, mama.
Duchess: Marie, darling, are you all right?
Marie: Uh, I guess I had a nightmare and fell out of bed.
Duchess: Now Marie, darling, don't be frightened.
Berlioz (off-screen): Mama! Mama!
Marie: That's Berlioz.
Duchess: Over here, darling. Berlioz, here we are. And don't worry, everything is going to be all right.
Berlioz (wet and miserable): I'm coming, mama. Gee, I'm cold and I'm w-wet.
Berlioz: Mama?
Berlioz (frightened): Mama! Duchess (laughing) Oh, darling. That's only a little frog, my love.
Berlioz: But he had a mouth like a hippolotamus.
Berlioz: Oh, what's so funny?
Duchess: Now, now, darlings. Darlings, now you just stay here, and I'll go and I'll look for Toulouse. Toulouse! Toulouse, where are you?
Marie: Toulouse!
Marie and Berlioz: Toulouse!
Marie: Toulouse!
Toulouse: Hey, what's all the yellin' about. huh?
Berlioz: Why didn't you answer?
Marie: Mama! He's been here all the time.
Duchess: Oh, thank goodness. Oh, are you all right?
Toulouse: I was having a funny dream. Edgar was in it. And we were all riding and bouncing along-- Frogs? Uh-oh, it wasn't a dream. Edgar did this to us.
Duchess: Edgar? Tsk! Oh, darling, but that-- why, that's ridiculous.
Berlioz: Yeah, maybe you fell on your head, Toulouse.
Marie:	Mama, I'm afraid! I wanna go home.
Duchess: Now, now, my darling. Don't be frightened. Oh dear, oh dear! Let's get into the basket, all of us.
Toulouse: What's gonna happen to us?
Duchess: Well, darlings, I-- I just don't know. It does look hopeless, doesn't it?
Berlioz: I wish we were home with Madame right now.
Duchess: Oh. Poor Madame. She will be so worried when she finds us gone.
Madame: Duchess? Kittens? Oh, my gracious! I had the most horrible dream about them. Thank goodness it was only a dream. Oh dear, what a terrible night. Now, now, my darlings. Don't be frightened. The storm will soon pass. Oh! Oh, no! They're gone! Duchess? Kittens! Duchess! Where are you?
Madame: They're gone! They're gone!
Roquefort: Duchess, kittens, gone? Why, that's terrible! But where? Why? Good heavens! Anything could happen to them on a night like this! Get- get washed down a storm drain, struck by lightning. Oh, they'll need help. I've just got to find them. Duchess! Kittens! Duchess! Kittens! Kittens!
O'Malley:			I like a chee-chee-chee-chee-rony Like they make at home Or a healthy fish with a big backbone I'm Abraham de Lacy Giuseppe Casey Thomas O'Malley O'Malley the alley cat! I've got that wanderlust Gotta walk the scene Gotta kick up highway dust Feel the grass that's green Gotta strut them city streets Showin' off my eclat, yeah! Tellin' my friends of the social elite Or some cute cat I happen to meet That I'm Abraham de Lacy Guiseppe Casey Thomas O'Malley, O'Malley the alley cat!
Duchess laughs: Why, monsieur, your name seems to cover all of Europe
O'Malley: Well of course. I'm the only cat of my kind. I'm king of the highway Prince of the boulevard Duke of the avant-garde They world is my backyard So if you're goin' my way That's the road you wanna seek Calcutta to Rome or home sweet home In Paris Magnifique, you all
Toulouse: Oh boy! An alley cat!
Marie (hushing him with a paw): Shh! Listen!
O'Malley continues:		I only got myself And this big old world But I sip that cup of life With my fingers curled I don't worry what road to take I don't have to think of that Whatever I take is the road I make It's the road of life, make no mistake For me, yeah, Abraham de Lacy, Giuseppe Casey Thomas O'Malley O'Malley the alley cat! That's right, and I'm very proud of that. Yeah!
Duchess laughs and claps: Bravo! Very good. You are a great talent.
O'Malley: Oh thank you. And what might your name be?
Duchess: My name is Duchess.
O'Malley: Duchess. Beautiful. Love it. And those eyes.. ooh. Why your eyes are like sapphires, sparkling so bright, they make the morning radiant.. and light.
Marie: How romantic..
Berlioz: Sissy stuff!
Duchess: Oh, c'est tres jolie, monsieur. Very poetic. But it is not quite Shakespeare.
O'Malley: Of course not. That's pure O'Malley, baby. Right off the cuff, yeah. I got a million of 'em.
Duchess: Oh, no more, please. I am really in a great deal of trouble.
O'Malley: Trouble? Helping beautiful dame-- uh, damsels in distress is my specialty. Now, what's the hang-up, your ladyship?
Duchess: Well, it is most important that I get back to Paris. So if you would be just so kind and show me the way.
O'Malley: Show you the way? Perish the thought! We shall fly to Paris on a magic carpet, side by side, with the stars as our guide, just we two.
Marie: Ooh, that would be wonderful!
O'Malley: Three? Four. Five!
Duchess: Oh yes, monsieur O'Malley. These are my children.
O'Malley: Oh, how sweet.
Berlioz: Do you really have a magic carpet?
Marie: And are we really gonna ride on it?
Duchess: Now, now, Marie.
Marie: Mama, do I have sparkling sapphire eyes that dazzle too?
O'Malley: Hoo-ooh, did I say that?
Duchess: Yes. Right off your cuff.
Berlioz: And you said we're gonna ride on your magic carpet.
O'Malley: Well, now, uh-- what I meant, you see, I--
Duchess: No poetry to cover this situation, monsieur O'Malley?
O'Malley: What I had in mind was a kind of a sports model, baby. You know, one of those--
Duchess: Perhaps a magic carpet built for two?
Marie: I wouldn't take up much room.
Duchess sighes: I understand perfectly, monsieur O'Malley. Well, come along, darlings. Marie sighes.
Toulouse hisses: I'm a tough alley cat too.
O'Malley: Hey there! You're comin' on. I'll bet you're a real tiger in your neighborhood!
Toulouse: Yeah, that's 'cause I practice all the time.
Duchess: Now, now, Toulouse, come along, dear.
Toulouse: Yes mama.
O'Malley: See ya around, tiger!
O'Malley to himself: Now that's quite a family. And come to think of it, O'Malley, you're not a cat, you're a rat. Right? Right. Hey! Hey, hold up there.
Duchess: Yes, monsieur O'Malley?
O'Malley: Now look, kids. If I said magic carpet, magic carpet it's gonna be. And it's gonna stop for passengers right... here.
Berlioz: Oh boy! We're gonna fly after all!
Duchess: Another flight into the fantasy, monsieur O'Malley?
O'Malley: No, no, no, baby. Now you just hide over there and you leave the rest to J. Thomas O'Malley.
Toulouse: Quick, mom, get in here.
Duchess: But, children
Toulouse: Hurry up, mama
Berlioz: Hurry
O'Malley: One magic carpet coming up.
Duchess: That's a magic carpet?
Driver: Sacre bleu! Sapristi! Stupid cat! Brainless lunatic!
O'Malley: All right, step lively! All aboard for Paris!
Duchess: Why, Mister O'Malley, you could have lost your life!
O'Malley: So I got a few to spare. Nothin'.
Duchess: How can we ever thank you?
O'Malley: My pleasure entirely. Aloha. Auf weidersehen. Bon soir. Saranora. And all those goodbye things, baby.
Marie waves: Sayonara, mister-- Mama!
Duchess: Marie! Marie!
Duchess: Oh Marie, are you all right?
Marie: Yes, mama. O'Malley (getting inside) Haven't we met before?
Duchess: Oh, and I'm so very glad we did.
Marie: Thank you, mister O'Malley for saving my life.
O'Malley: No trouble at all, little princess. And when we get to Paris, I'll show you the time of your life.
Duchess: Oh, I'm so sorry, but, well, we just couldn't. You see, my mistress will be so worried about us.
O'Malley: Well, humans don't really worry too much about their pets.
Duchess: Oh no! You just don't understand. She loves us very much. Poor madame. In that big mansion, all alone. In all our days, in tender ways, her love for us was shown. And so, you see, we can't leave her alone. She'd always say that we're the greatest treasure she could own. Because with us she never felt alone.
Frou-frou: Oh, Roquefort, I've never been so worried about you. Did you have any luck at all?
Roquefort: Not a sign of them, Frou-frou, and I've searched all night.
Frou-frou: I know. And poor Madame didn't sleep a wink either.
Roquefort: Oh, it's a sad day for all of us.
Edgar: Morning, Frou-frou, my pretty steed. Can you keep a secret? Hmm? Of course you can. I've some news straight from the horses's mouth, if you'll pardon the expression, of course. Look, Frou-frou, I've made the headlines. Mysterious catnapper abducts family of cats. Aren't you proud of me?
Roquefort: So, he's the catnapper!
Edgar:	The police said it was a professional, masterful job. The work of a genius. No bad, eh, Frou-frou, old girl?
Edgar:	Oh, they won't find a clue to implicate me. Not one single clue. Why, I'll, I'll eat my hat if they-- My hat! My umbrella! Oh! Oh, gracious! I've fot to fet those things back tonight!
Roquefort (climbing out of oats): Why that [spits] sneaky, crooked [spits], no good [spits] butler!
O'Malley: Anyone for breakfast?
Toulouse: What breakfast?
Marie: Where is it?
O'Malley: Right under that magic carpet. But now we have to cook up a little spell. You know. Ready?
O'Malley: All right. First, to make the magic begin, you wiggle your nose and tickle your chin. Now you close your eyes and cross your heart And presto, breakfast a la carte.
Marie: Hooray!
Toulouse: We did it!
Berlioz: Look, mama, look!
Duchess: Why, mister O'Malley, you are amazing!
O'Malley: True. True. Driver (stopping the truck) Sapristi! Sacre bleu! Thieves! Robbers! Mangy tramps! Take that! And that!
Duchess: Oh! Oh, what a horrible, horrible human.
O'Malley: Well, some humans are like that, Duchess. I've learned to live with 'em.
Toulouse: I'mm show him.
O'Malley: Hey, cool it, you little tiger. That guy's dynamite.
Toulouse: But he called us tramps!
Duchess: Oh, I'll be so glad when we get back home.
O'Malley: That's a long way off, so we better get moving.
Toulouse: Gee whiz! Look at that bridge! Come on, let's play train!
Duchess: Now be careful, children.
Toulouse: Marie's the caboose. All aboard! Choo-choo-choo-choo-choo-choo-choo-choo-choo-choo. Whoo-whoo! Choo-choo-choo-choo-choo-choo-choo-choo. Whoo-whoo!
Toulouse: Clickety-clickety-clickety-clickety. Whoo-whoo!
Duchess: Oh no!
O'Malley: All right, now don't panic. Down underneath here.
Marie: Mama!
Duchess: Marie! Oh, Marie!
O'Malley jumps: Keep your head up, Marie! Here I come!
Duchess: Thomas! Thomas, up here!
Toulouse: Gee, Marie, why'd you have to fall off the bridge?
Duchess: Thomas? Oh, Thomas! Take care!
Thomas: I'm all right, honey, don't worry. I'll see you downstream.
Amelia: What beautiful countryside, Abigail. So much like our own dear England.
Abigail:  Oh, indeed, yes. Amelia, if I walk much farther I'll get flat feet.
Amelia: Abigail, we were born with flat feet.
Abigail: I say, look over there.
Amelia: Oh. Oh, how unusual.
Abigail: Fancy that, a cat learning how to swim.
Amelia: And he's going about it all the wrong way.
Abigail: Quite. We must correct him.
Amelia: Sir. Sir? You are most fortunate we happened along.
Abigail: Yes. We're here to help you. O'Malley (through clenched teeth) Oh no, back off girls, I'm doin' fine.
Abigail: First, you must gain self-confidence by striking out on your own.
O'Malley: Go away! I'm trying' to get to shore.
Amelia: You will never learn to swim properly with that willow branch in your mouth.
Abigail: Indeed not.
Amelia: Snip, snip. Here we go.
O'Malley opens the mouth: Don't do that!
Abigail: You're doing splendidly.
Amelia: And don't worry about form. It will come later.
Abigail: He takes to water like a fish, doesn't he? A very enthusiastic--
Amelia: No! Now, this is no time for fun and games.
Abigail: Gracious me. You don't suppose--
Amelia: Oh yes. Yes, I do. Bottoms up!
Both: Deeper!
Toulouse: Look mama, there he is!
Abigail: You really did quite well for a beginner.
Duchess: Oh Thomas! Thank goodness you're safe!
Abigail: Keep practicing.
Amelia: And toodly-pip!
Toulouse: Can I help you, mister O'Malley, huh?
O'Malley gasps: Help? I've had all the help I can take.
Duchess: Oh mademoiselles, thank you so much for helping mister O'Malley.
Amelia: Of course, my dear. But first, introductions.
Abigail: Yes. We british like to keep things proper.
Amelia: Now, I am Amelia Gabble, and this is my sister--
Abigail: Miss Abigail Gabble.
Amelia: We're twin sisters.
Abigail: You might say we're related.
Amelia: Oh, how silly!
Duchess: Oh, how nice. I never would have guessed.
Berlioz: Look! They got rubber feet.
Toulouse: Yeah.
Abigail: We're on holiday.
Amelia: For a walking tour on France.
Abigail: Swimming, some of the way.
Amelia: On water, of course.
Duchess to wet O'Malley: Thomas, this is Amelia and Abigail Gabble.
O'Malley: Yeah honey. Get those two web-footed lifeguards outta here!
Duchess: Now, now, Thomas.
O'Malley: Okay, okay baby. Hiya, chicks.
Abigail: We're not chickens. We're geese.
O'Malley: No. I thought you were swans.
Amelia: Oh, flatterer
Abigail: Your husband is very charming and very handsome.
O'Malley rolling on his back: Well, uh, you see.. I, I'm not exactly her husband.
Amelia: Exactly? You either are or you're not.
O'Malley licks his paw: All right. I'm not.
Geese: Oh? Hmm?
Amelia: It's scandalous.
Abigail: He's nothing but a cad.
Amelia: Absolutely, possibly a reprobate.
Abigail: A roue. His eyes are too close together.
Amelia: Shifty too.
Abigail: And look at that crooked smile.
Amelia: His chin is very weak too.
Abigail: Obviously a philanderer who trifles with unsuspecting women's hearts.
Marie: How romantic.
Duchess: Please, please, let me explain. Thomas is a dear frend of ours. He's just helping us to get to--
O'Malley: Come on, Duchess, come on. Let's get out of here. Well, girls, see ya around. We're on out way to Paris.
Abigail: Oh, how nice! We're going to Paris ourselves.
Amelia: Why don't you join us?
Duchess: I think that's a splendid idea.
O'Malley: Oh, no.
Amelia: Now, ah, you stand here, dear. And uh, let's see, you take this position.
Abigail: Duchess, you'll do nicely here.
Amelia: Yes, very good.
Abigail: And you dear, you take this place. Now that leaves mister O'Malley.
Amelia: Oh, we can't leave him, can we?
Abigail: Mister O'Malley, I think you should be the rear end. Ready everyone? Now think goose! Forward, march!
Berlioz: Mama. Do we have to waddle like they do?
Duchess: Yes, dear. Think goose.
Amelia: When we get to Paris, you must meet uncle Waldo.
O'Malley: Waldo?
Amelia: Yes, he's our uncle.  Now that leaves mister O'Malley.
Amelia: Oh, we can't leave him, can we?
Abigail: Mister O'Malley, I think you should be the rear end. Ready everyone? Now think goose! Forward, march!
Berlioz: Mama. Do we have to waddle like they do?
Duchess: Yes, dear. Think goose
Abigail: When we get to Paris, you must meet uncle Waldo.
O'Malley: Waldo?
Amelia: Yes, he's our ucnle. We are to meet uncle Waldo at le Petit Cafe.
Duchess: Le Petit Cafe? Oh, that's that famous restaurant. Ah, c'est magnifique.
Chef: Sacre blue! Ow! Oh! He bit my finger! Get out! Go! Go! Get out! Scram!
Chef: Good riddance!
Abigail: Why, why, it's uncle Waldo!
Waldo: Ahh! Abigail! Amelia! My two favorite nooses!
Amelia: Uncle Waldo. I do believe you've been drinking.
Abigail: Oh dear! What happened to your lovely tail feathers?
Waldo: Girls, it's outrageous! Why, you won't believe what they tried to do to your poor old uncle Waldo [hic] Look. Look at his! Prime country goose a la provencal stuffed with chestnuts and basted
O'Malley: Basted? He's been marinated in it.
Waldo: Dreadful! Being british, I would have preferred sherry.
Waldo:	Sherry! Sherry.
Amelia: Oh! oh, oh, oh uncle Waldo, you're just too much.
Abigail: You mean he's had too much.
Amelia: Abigail, Abigail!
Abigail: Yes, yes?
Amelia: We best get uncle Waldo to bed.
Waldo: Why, I say there, now, what's all the whis-whispering about, huh?
Amelia and Abigail: Shh, shh!
Waldo: Now, now, now, now, girls, girls! Don't shush your old uncle Waldo! Why you'll, you'll wake up the whole neighborhood!
Abigail: Shh! No!
Waldo: Whoopee! Neighborhood!
Abigail: Come to sleep, uncle Waldo
Amelia: Oh, yes, I think we'd better be going.
Waldo: Oh, righto, girls. Birds of a feather must [hic] together.
Abigail: That's stick together.
O'Malley: You know something? I like uncle Waldo.
Duchess laughs: Especially when he's marinated!
Roquefort: Frou-frou, here comes Edgar!
Frou-frou: Hurry, Roquefort, hop aboard the motorcycle and for gooness sakes, do be careful!
Edgar: Frou-frou, tonight operation catnapper will be completed. Wish me luck. Fisherman's luck.
Roquefort: Bye, Frou-frou! Whoop!
Napoleon: Lafayette! Lafayette! Listen.
Lafayette: Oh, shucks, Napoleon. That ain't nothing byt a little old cricket bug.
Napoleon: It's squeaky shoes approachin'.
Lafayette: Oh, cricket bugs don't wear shoes.
Napoleon: Hush your mouth. Let's see. They're oxford shoes. Size nine-and-a-half. Hole in the left sole, it sounds like.
Lafayette: What color are they?
Napoleon: They are black - how would I know that?
Napoleon: Hey, now the squeakin' has stopped.
Lafayette: I still say it was a little old cricket bug.
Napoleon: I'm the leader. I'll decide what it was. It was a little old cricket bug.
Lafayette: I'll see ya in the morning, Napoleon.
Napoleon: That's my hat, I'm the leader!
Lafayette: Well, shoot fire. Don't get sore at me! I ain't done nothin'.
Napoleon: Ooh, whoo, heh. Mmm. ohh. mm. ooh, oh, heh. oooh! Mm-mm.. that feels good, Lafayette. Lafayette (asleep) that's all right.
Napoleon: Mm-mm. ooh.. ooh! A little lower and faster there. Lafayette (asleep) I'm scratchin' as fast as I can.
Napoleon: Right there. That's good. Oh. ooh, ooh!
Napoleon sinks back: Ooh.
Lafayette: Mmm. It's warm and, mm-mm, cosy.
Napoleon: Hey!
Lafayette: Ahh!
Napoleon: Wha-wha-what's goin' on? Lafayette, what in tarnation you trying to do?
Lafayette: Oh, I get blamed for everything.
Napoleon: Wait a minute! Where's my hat? Where-- and somebody stole my bumbershoot!
Lafayette: Well, where's my beddie-bye basket?
Napoleon: And whoever it is, is gonna get it and get it good.
Lafayette chuckles: This time I get the tender part.
Napoleon: Hush your mouth, now come on.
Lafayette: Hey, Napoleon! Ooh, it's them shoes again.
Napoleon: Yeah, yeah, I hear 'em.
Lafayette: Napoleon, I'm plumb goose-pimply scared!
Napoleon: Now this is no time to turn chicken. I got a feelin' this case is gonna bust wide open.
Lafayette: D-d-d-did you see him?
Napoleon: No, no, he sneaked up behind me and tailgated me.
Lafayette: Well, he didn't hurt me, he hit me on the head.
Napoleon: Shh! Listen! Sounds like a one-wheel-- ooh.
Lafayette: A one-wheel what?
Napoleon: You're not gonna believe this, but it's a one-wheeled haystack. Hey, there it goes1 Come on! After it!
Lafayette: I got him, I got him, I got him, I got him!
Napoleon: Ow! That's me!
Napoleon: Get him, get him, get him, get him!
Lafayette: Well, c'est la guerre, Napoleon. I guess you can't win them all. Ow! Ooh, ooh, ooh!  Criminiddly!
Duchess: Thomas, Madame will be so worried. Are you sure we can't get home tonight?
Marie: Mama, I'm tired.
Berlioz: Me too, and my feet hurt.
O'Malley: Look baby, it's late, and the kids are bushed.
Toulouse: I'll bet we walked a hundred miles.
Berlioz: I'll bet it's more than a thousand.
Duchess: Now, now, darlings. Cheer up. Mister O'Malley knows a place where we can stay tonight.
Toulouse: How much farther is it, mister O'Malley?
O'Malley chuckles: Keep your whiskers up, tiger. It's just beyond the next chimney pot. Well, there it is. My own penthouse pad. It's not exactly the Ritz, but it's peaceful and quiet. Oh! Oh, no. Sounds like Scat Cat and his gang have dropped by.
Duchess: Oh. Friends of yours?
O'Malley: Uh-huh. Yeah. They're old buddies and the're real swingers.
Duchess: Swingers? What is a swinger?
O'Malley: You know. Uh, not exactly your type, Duchess. Maybe we'd better find another place, huh?
Duchess: Oh no, no, no, I would like to see yor pad, and meet your Scat Cat.
O'Malley: Well, okay.
O'Malley: Hey, Scat Cat! Blow some of that sweet stuff my way!
Scat Cat laughs: Well, looky here! Big man O'Malley is back in his alley! Swing on down here, daddy.
O'Malley: Lay some skin on me, Scat Cat, yeah!
Italian Cat: Buona sera, paesano!
English Cat: Welcome home, O'Malley!
O'Malley: Duchess, this is the greatest cat of 'em all.
Duchess: Oh, I'm delighted to meet you, monsieur Scat Cat.
Scat Cat kisses her paw: Likewise, Duchess. You're too much.
Duchess: Oh, ho, ho. You are charming! And your music it so-- so different. But so exiting.
Berlioz: It isn't Beethoven, mama, but it sure bounces.
Scat Cat chuckles: Say! This kitten cat knows where it's at!
Marie: Knows where what's at?
Scat Cat: Well, little lady, let me elucidate here.
Scat Cat:			Everybody wants to be a cat Because a cat's the only cat Who knows where it's at
O'Malley: Tell me! Everybody's pickin' up on that feline beat 'Cause everything else is obsolete
Scat Cat: Strictly high-button shoes.
O'Malley:			A square with a horn Makes you wish you weren't born
Scat Cat:			Everytime he plays.
O'Malley:			But with a square in the act You can set music back
Scat Cat:			To the caveman days
O'Malley:			I've heard some corny birds who tried to sing
Scat Cat:			Still the cat's the only cat Who knows how to swing
Russian Cat:			Who wants to dig a long-haired gig And stuff like that
O'Malley and Scat Cat:		When everybody wants to be a cat A square with a horn Makes you wish you weren't born Every time he plays
O'Malley:			Oh, a-rinky-tinky-dinky
O'Malley and Scat Cat:		With a square in the act You can set music back To the caveman days
Marie:				Oh, a-rinky-dinky-tinky
O'Malley:			Yes,
O'Malley and Marie:		Everybody wants to be a cat Because a cat's the only cat Who knows where it's at When playin' jazz he always has A welcome mat
O'Malley, Marie, Scat Cat:	'Cause everybody digs a swingin' cat
Chinese Cat: Oh boy, fellas! Let's rock the joint!
Russian Cat: Ha-ha! Groove it, cat!
Chinese Cat:			Shanghai, Hong Kong, Egg Foo Young Fortune cookie always wrong That's a hot one!
O'Malley: How 'bout you and me, Duchess?
Duchess: Yes. Let's swing it, Thomas.
Toulouse: Groovy, mama, groovy!
Scat Cat (giving trumpet to Berlioz): Blow it, small fry. Blow it.
Chinese Cat: Boy, he blew it
Italian Cat: But he was a-close.
Scat Cat: Mmm.
O'Malley: Beautiful
Duchess:			If you want to turn me on Play your horn, don't spare the tone And blow a little soul into the tune
O'Malley:			Let's take to another key
Scat Cat:			Modulate and wait for me I'll take a few ad-libs and pretty soon The other cats will all commence Congregatin' on the fence Beneath the alley's only light
Duchess:			Where every note is out of sight
All gang:			Everybody, everybody, Everybody wants to be a cat!
Scat Cat: Hallelujah!
All gang:			Everybody, Everybody, Everybody wants to be a cat! I'm tellin' you! Everybody, Everybody, Everybody wants to be a cat! Yeah! Everybody, Everybody, Everybody wants to be a cat! Mmm! Everybody, Everybody, Everybody wants to be a cat! Hallelujah! Everybody, Everybody, Everybody wants to be a cat!
Berlioz:			Everybody wants to be a cat
Marie:				Because a cat's the only cat Who knows where it's at
Toulouse:			Oh, yeah!
Duchess: Happy dreams, my loves.
O'Malley: I'll bet they're on that magic carpet right now.
Duchess: They could hardly keep their eyes open. Ah. Such an exiting day.
O'Malley: It sure was. And what a finale.
Duchess: Thomas, your friends are really delightful. I just love them.
O'Malley: Well, they're kinda rough, you know, around the edges, but if you're ever in a ham, wham, they're right there.
Duchess: And wham, when we needed you, you were right there.
O'Malley: That was just a lucky break for me, baby.
Duchess: Oh, thank you so much for offering us your home. Oh, I mean your pad. It's very nice.
O'Malley: Well now, wait a minute. You know, this is the low-rent district, remember?
Duchess: No, no, no, I like it, well, uh-- well, all it needs is a little tidying up and, well, maybe a little feminine touch.
O'Malley: Well, if you're applying for the job, well--
Marie to Berlios: Goody. Mother's going to work for mister O'Malley.
O'Malley: Boy, your eyes are like sapphires. Gee. Huh. That's pretty corny, though, huh?
Duchess: No, not at all. Any woman would like it. Oh, I, I mean, even little Marie.
O'Malley: Yeah. All those little kittens, Duchess. I love 'em.
Duchess: And they are very fond of you.
Berlioz: Yeah!
Marie: Shh!
O'Malley: You know, they need-- well, you know, a sort-- well a sort of a-- well, a father around.
Duchess: Oh, Thomas, Thomas, that would be wonderful. Oh, darling, if, if only I could.
O'Malley: But why can't you?
Duchess: Because of Madame. I-- I could never leave her.
O'Malley: But-- but Madame is-- well, she's just another human. You're just her house pets.
Duchess: Oh no, no, we mean far more to her than that. Oh, sorry my dear. We just have to go home tomorrow.
O'Malley: Yeah. Well.. I guess you know best. And I'm gonna miss you, baby. Huh, and those kids. Gee, I'm gonna miss them too.
Berlioz: Well, we almost had a father.
Toulouse: Yeah. Let's go back to bed.
O'Malley: Good night, Duchess.
Duchess: Good night, Thomas.
O'Malley: Hey! Mee-oww! What a classy neighborhood. Dig these fancy wigwams.
Duchess: Wigwams?
O'Malley: Are you sure we're on the right street?
Duchess: Yes. Yes! Let's hurry, we're almost home.
Roquefort: Duchess! Kittens! Hallelujah! They're back! Oh, no! Edgar! I've got to do something quick!
Edgar: Edgar, old chap, get used to the finer things of life. Someday they're all going to be yours, you sly old fox.
Roquefort: Oh, he got me!
Berlioz: Hooray! We're home!
Marie:	Wait for me, wait for me! Me first! Me first!
Berlioz: It's locked.
Marie: Come on, let's start meowing.
Edgar spits the wine out: It can't be them!
Roquefort: The kittens! Don't come in! Go away! Away!
Toulouse: Look! There's Roquefort
Kittens: Hi Roquefort!
Berlioz: He's sure glad to see us.
Duchess to O'Malley: I don't know what to say. I only wish that I--
O'Malley: Maybe a short, sweet goodbye would be easiest.
Duchess: I'll never forget you, Thomas O'Malley. Bye.
O'Malley: So long, baby.
Roquefort to kittens: Don't come in! Look out for Edgar!
Edgar: Duchess, wherever have you been?
Roquefort: Look out for the-- --sack.
O'Malley: Well. Guess they won't need me anymore.
Edgar: You came back. Oh. It just isn't fair.
Madame: Edgar! Edgar, come quickly.
Edgar: Coming, Madame, coming. I'll take care of you later!
Madame: Oh, Edgar, they're back, I heard them! Hurry, hurry, let them in. Duchess? Kittens? Come here, my darlings. Where are you? Come on.
Edgar: Uh, allow me, Madame. Here, kitty kitty kitty kitty kitty kitty! Here, kitty kitty kitty kitty kitty kitty kitty!
Roquefort to cats: His name is O'what?
Duchess: His name is O'Malley. O'Malley!
Marie: Abraham de Lacy Giuseppe Casey!
Duchess: Oh, never mind! Run! Move! Go get him!
Roquefort: Yes, yes! I'm on my way!
Toulouse: I told ya it was Edgar.
Berlioz: Aw, shut up, Toulouse.
Madame: Oh, it's no use, Edgar. I'm afraid it was just the imagination of an old lady. But I was so sure that I heard them.
Edgar: I'm so sorry, Madame.
Roquefort runs after O'Malley: Mister O'Malley! Hey! Stop! Duchess! Kittens! In trouble! Butler did it!
O'Malley: Duchess and kittens in trouble? Look, you go get Scat Cat and his gang of alley cats.
Roquefort: A-a-alley cats? But I'm a mouse!
O'Malley: Look, I'm gonna need help.
Roquefort: You mean you want me?
O'Malley: Move! Tell him O'Malley sent you and you won't have a bit of trouble.
Roquefort (in alley): No trouble he said. Well, that's easy for, uh, for what's-his-name to say. He's got nine lives, I've only got one.
Scat Cat: What's a little swinger like you doin' on our side of town?
Roquefort: Oh please! Uh, I was sent here for help by a cat.
Scat Cat: This is outrageous! This is crazy!
Roquefort: B-but honest! He told me just to mention his name.
Russian Cat: So? Start mentioning name, rodent.
Roquefort: Oh, now, wait a minute, fellas. D-d-don't rush me. His name is O'Toole.
Scat Cat: I don't dig him. Strike one.
Roquefort: Oh, ooh, O'Brien.
Scat Cat: Strike two.
Roquefort: Oh, boy, You believe me, don't you?
English Cat: Keep talkin', mousy.
Roquefort: How about O'..Grady?
Scat Cat: Mousy, you just struck out. Any last words?
Roquefort: Why did I listen to that O'Malley cat?
Scat Cat: O'Malley!
All: O'Malley!
Scat Cat: Hold it cats! This little guy's on the level.
Roquefort: You're darn tootin' I'm on the level!
Italian Cat: Oh, We didn't mean-a to, to rough a-you, squeaky!
Roquefort: Don't worry about me! O'Malley needs help! Duchess and kittens are in trouble!
Scat Cat: Come on cats, we gotta split!
Roquefort: Hey, wait for me! You don't know the way!
Edgar: Now, my little pesky pets. You're going to travel first class. In your own private compartment. All the way to Timbuktu. And this time, ha, you'll never come back. Oh, no, we've got to hurry. The baggage truck will be here any moment now.
O'Malley to Roquefort: Over there! They're in the trunk!
Roquefort: QUIET!!
O'Malley: Everybody, outta here, fast!
Edgar: You're going to Timbuktu if it's the last thing I do!
Truck driver: Well, Mac, this must be the trunk, eh?
Mac: Yup, and she goes all the way to Timbuktu. Heave.. ho!
Toulouse snarls and hisses: Meow!
Madame: Now, my pets, a little closer together. Good. Good. Look, Georges. What do you think?
Georges: Very good. Very good. But I think we should get on with the will.
Madame: Yes, yes, of course, but you know what to do.
Georges: Very well. Scratch one butler.
Madame: You know, Geroges, if Edgar had only known about the will, I'm sure he never would have left. Duchess, how wonderful to have you all back. And I think this young man is very handsome. Shall we keep him in the family? Of course we will. We need a man around the house. And, Georges, we must be sure to provite for their future little ones.
Georges: Of course. The more the merrier.
Madame: Now don't move. Smile. Say cheese.
Roquefort: Did somebody say cheese?
Madame: Thank you. Now, run along downstairs. There's a surprise for you.
Georges: Adelaide, what's that music? Sounds like a gang of swinging hepcats.
Madame: That's exactly what they are, Georges. They're the start of my new foundation.
Georges: What foundation?
Madame: My home for all the alley cats of Paris.
Cats:					Everybody, everybody, Everybody wants to be a cat! Everybody, everybody, Everybody wants to be a cat!
Frou-frou:				Everybody, everybody, Everybody wants to be a cat!
Waldo:					Everybody - whopee! Everybody wants to be a cat!
Cats:					Everybody, everybody, Everybody wants to be a cat!
Lafayette: Hey, Napoleon, that sounds like the end.
Napoleon: Wait a minute, I'm the leader, I'll say when it's the end. It's the end. THE END
Toulouse: Oh, yeah!
