Villagers: Deck the halls with boughs of holly, Fa la la la la, la la la la, 'Tis the season to be jolly, Fa la la la la, la la la la, Don, we now our gay apparel, Fa la la la la, la la la la, Troll the ancient Yuletide carol. Fa la la la la, la la la la, Deck the halls with boughs of holly, Ha-ha, there must be much, much more holly! 'Tis the season to be..... Wha, what’s this there’s too much holly! Don we now our gay apparel..... No, no, no more mistle toe!
Mrs. Potts: Di, di, di, di, di, di, di, di.... Chip away from those presents dear!
Chip: Momma, I found one for me, Can I open it Momma, can I?
Mrs. Potts: Well, just one.
Chip: (rips into the package) Oh boy!
Lumiere: It’s good to see the boy having a proper Christmas, not like last year.
Cogsworth: Yes, this is much more agreeable
Mrs. Potts: Well, I thought last year was quiet nice.
Cogsworth: Well, I suppose I did manage to save Christmas
Lumiere: You???
Cogsworth: Yes me. If not for my skills and decisive leader ship, all would have been lost.
Lumiere: Leadership? Ha! You could not lead a horse to water!
Lumiere: Your idea? Everyone knows it was mine!
Mrs. Potts: Heavens.. how many times are we going to have to go over this story?
Chip: (excitedly) Story?
Lumiere: Until someone gets his facts straight
Chip: Why don’t you tell it Momma?
Cogsworth: Capitol idea.
Mrs. Potts: Well, I don’t know...
Lumiere: Come on Mrs. Potts, surly you recall how I saved Christmas?
Cogsworth: Uh, Uh, Uh, ah, no leading the witness.
Chip: Please Momma tell the story!
Mrs. Potts: Oh, all right.
Lumiere: Now we will hear what really happened
Mrs. Potts: Well, lets see. Belle, terrified by the master’s anger, ran away from the castle. Straight into a pack of wolves. But the master saved her. They began to be friends. (The scenery shifts and now we see the old castle. There is an empty room).
Lumiere: Uh, uh, ah. That’s where I came in.....
Chip: Where could he be?
Mrs. Potts: Goodness knows, We’ve searches every last corner
Cogsworth: I am beginning to think that he’s not in the castle at all.
Lumiere: (Looking out a window) Voila, there he is.
Mrs. Potts: Wonderful
Cogsworth: No time to waste. We must find a way to get them together.
Lumiere: Let’s go, love will not wait.
Chip: Do you really think she is the one? Will she break the spell?
Lumiere: I knew it from the moment I set eyes on her
Mrs. Potts: If anyone can reach the master, Belle can, such a kind soul.
Lumiere: Her looks don’t hurt either
Cogsworth: (following behind them as the rush down the hall to find Belle) Wait for me!
Chip: Hiya Belle.
Belle: (Enters walking up the stairs) Oh, hello. Do you know what day it is?
Chip: Well, its not Tuesday.
Belle: No silly, today is December 24. The day before Christmas
Lumiere: And what a beautiful day it is, what wonderful day for a morning stroll.
Mrs. Potts: Yes, yes, nothing starts the day like a brisk walk around the grounds.
Chip: Or you could go ice skating.
Cogsworth: Yes, fresh air, exercise, (hurts his back) in moderation of course.
Mrs. Potts: Come along Belle dear, the great outdoors awaits.
Chip: Yeah lets go!
Belle: (The coat hanger hands her he coat) Merci, monsieur. (Belle sees the Beast pacing on the ice) Oh good morning.
Beast: Oh, um.. I feel and landed on my, um (looks at his tail) the ice.
Belle: It’s pretty slippery.
Beast: Yes, it’s slippery.
Belle: This is a perfect day for skating. (Puts on her skates and heads out on to the ice) Come on. Come on!
Lumiere: Go on master. It might be fun.
Cogsworth: Wait, wait, not so fast.
Lumiere: Oh la la.
Belle: Come on. Why don’t you try it like this. (Skates around) One, two, three, one, two three... see it’s easy.
Beast: (Tries skating) One, two, three, one, two, three.
Lumiere: Oh, ho!
Mrs. Potts: Yes, I think this may work!
Fife: bravo, bravo, encore!
Forte: (Laughs evily) Fife.... you approve?
Fife: Oh, mistro, it's magnificent!
Forte: Oh, come along, it's merely and opera.... (Plays a few loud notes and the ceiling crumbles and begins to fall) to bring the house down.
Fife: Is there a part for a piccolo?
Forte: Absolutely. Solo for fife in "B" flat.
Fife: Oh, I'd do anything for a solo.
Forte: Yes, I know... Now Fifey in the midst of my crescendo, I thought I heard merriment outside the window. Have a look see will you?
Fife: (Hops over to the window) Wow, would ya look at that.
Forte: Well, I think I might. I'll just pick myself up and.. oh what's this... heavens look.. (yells) I'm bolted to the wall!
Fife: (Nervously) Oh, right.. uh ha ha, the master is skating.
Forte: Skating? Why on earth would he do a thing like that?
Fife: Probably because that pretty girl is holding his hand.
Forte: What? Belle?
Fife: Hey, maybe if she falls in love with him the spell will be broken and we'll be human again.
Forte: Trust me Fife, humanity is entirely over rated. Before the enchantment there was no need for my particular brand of genius. But now the master needs my melodies to feed his tormented soul. I am his confident and his best friend.. and I won't let some peasant girl ruin it for me. Fife, see to it that this blossoming love withers on the vine.
Beast: One, two, three, one, two, three, one, two, three, one, two, three... I think I've got it!
Servant: Shhhh
Fife: Oooo
Cogsworth: Ohhhh this is very promising.
Lumiere: Ah yes, there is something in the air. Could it be... love?
Mrs. Potts: What's that little toot up to?
Belle: (Sits up and shakes off the snow. She flops over and makes a snow angel. She then stands up and walks back onto the ice) It's a Christmas angel, see? (Sees the Beast's snow figure) Oh.
Fife: (Smiles contentedly) Oh, Forte is going to be so proud of me.
Belle: I don't know why I bother. (Flops back over into the snow) Now he's worse than ever.
Mrs. Potts: Don't lose heart dearest.
Forte: The music helps?
Beast: Your music is the only thing that helps me forget.
Forte: Don't worry old friend. I'm here for you, just as I have been, just as I always will be.
Belle: Why is the Beast such a grump?
Chip: I don't know. He's always like that.
Chip: Yup. Belle, what's Christmas?
Belle: Oh Chip, you must know about Christmas. Stockings in front of a fire, Tree? Tinsel? Present?
Chip: Presents? Do I get one?
Belle: Of Course, everyone gets a present on Christmas.
Chip: Oh, even the master?
Belle: Yes, even the master.
Chip: What are you going to get him?
Belle: I don’t really know him well enough to know what he would want.
Chip: What would you want?
Belle: Well, what I love most in the world are my books. My stories.
Chip: Well, why don’t you give the master a story.
Belle: You’re right chip... a story.
Belle:When I get to know him, We'll find more things to say, One day I will reach him, there has to be a way. Everyone needs some one, He must need someone, too. When I get to know him better, Here's what I will do. I'll read him stories From picture books all Filled with wonder. Magic world where The impossible Becomes the everyday. We'll find a mountain top And some moonbeams To sit under. I'll lead because I know the way. So much to discover, I do it all the time. I could live inside bright pages, Where the words all rhyme. We will the slay dragons, That still follow him around. And he'll smile, yes, he'll smile, As his dreams leave the ground. Stories, and stories 'Bout mermaids, kings, And sunken treasure, Magic worlds where this impossible Becomes the everyday, I know a tiny place, Just a dot, too small to measure, I'll take him there, I know the way. Stories 'bout heroes Who overcame their deepest sorrow, They'll put hope into his heart again, He'll cherish everyday. He'll find a better world And the strength to face tomorrow, I'm sure that when he know the way, He'll want to stay.
Chip: Do you think the master will like his gift?
Belle: I do.
Chip: So does this mean we're gonna have a Christmas?
Belle: Uh huh, absolutely
Cogsworth: Absolutely not!
Wine Glasses: Why not?
Cogsworth: Out of the question. Not a chance. Dream on. Not any possibility, forget it! (The Cup slumps over) Suck in that gut.
Lumiere: Mon amie, get with the spirit. Unwind.
Mrs. Potts: Come one love, have a heart.
Wine Glasses: Yeah, come on.
Cogsworth: No, no and let me think... NO! This is where I put my foot down. The master has forbidden Christmas.
Cogsworth: He doesn't wish to be reminded of his past, and Christmas is a most painful reminder of it. I, for one do not wish to torture him.
Belle: I, for one think that a little Christmas cheer would do him for good.
Lumiere: The girl is right. It is up to us to do something.
Cogsworth: It's not our place to get involved. No, no, no, no. We just can't mind our own business can we? We just have to stick our weight where it doesn't belong. (Lumiere flames him) AHHHHHHHHH!!! (Cogsworth goes flying and lands in the rub full of suds. The wine glasses all laugh) Uh... humiliating.
Mrs. Potts: Pish paush. I think it's a wonderful idea.
Cogsworth: But the master doesn't want it. His castle... his rules.
Chip: It's not fair!
Wine Glasses: (Whining) He's right... it's not fair!
Cogsworth: Don't whine glasses.
Wine Glasses: (Whining) Sorry.
Mrs. Potts: Look at us, squabbling and bickering, breaks my heart to see it, it does. And we used to be at our very best at Christmas. Why we used to prepare a feast for the entire castle.
Lumiere: Ah, you could have some stuffed turkey...
Belle: Cranberry sauce...
Chip: Short-bread cookies!
Lumiere: Mince pies...
Mrs. Potts: Pecan toast, gravy..
Lumiere: And Christmas pudding!
Cogsworth: Pu-pu-pudding? With custard?
Lumiere: What do you think we are? Barbarians? Of course with custard? And raisins... and brandy... and all those things you like!
Cogsworth: Oh...um..oh, all right.
Chip: Yes!
Cogsworth: But if the master finds out about this he will be furious, so everybody keep quiet.
Lumiere: Come on! What are we waiting for? Christmas?
Cogsworth: Good heavens! We don't have much time! It's Christmas eve!
Mrs. Potts: I'll see to the dinner.
Lumiere: I'll get some mistletoe.
Belle: We need to brighten this place up.
Lumiere: Belle, I know someone who will help.
Cogsworth: Now, now, wait for me. I'm in charge here, I'm in charge. (They all head off) Wait for me!!
Chip: One thousand one, One thousand two, one thousand three... are we there yet?
Belle: Not yet.
Belle: (Walking around in the attic) Hello? Hello?
Lumiere: Do not be afraid mis ami, it is I, Lumiere, who has come to pay you a little visit.
Angelique: (Pops her head out of the trunk) Lumiere?
Lumiere: Angelique.
Angelique: Ah, Lumiere, finally, I thought we were to be locked away in this dusty attic forever.
Lumiere: Ah, Angelique, mon amour, you eyes are still so lovely after all these years.
Lumiere: Oh yes, this is Belle, our guest.
Belle: Pleased to meet you.
Lumiere: And this is Angelique. She is the castle decorator.
Angelique: You mean was the castle decorator. I am not responsible for this baroque atrocity. When I was in charge the castle was full of light and beauty.
Lumiere: Ah but cherie, that is why we have come. Gather round mes enfants, we are planning the greatest Christmas celebration ever!
Angelique: No! Stop!
Lumiere: What is it cherie?
Belle: But it's Christmas eve, without you, we'll never get the castle decorated in time.
Angelique: Ha! Christmas! I refuse to hope for it anymore. I will not be disappointed again.
Lumiere: But this is to be the greatest celebration ever! We can not do it without you.
Angelique: But of course you can not. Christmas takes planning and organization. No! No! I won't do it! It won't change anything!
Belle: I believe it will.
Belle: There is more to this time of year Than sleigh bells and holly Mistletoe and snow Those things come and go Much deeper than snow Stronger than the strongest love we'll know We'll ever know As long as there's Christmas I truly believe That hope is the greatest of the gifts we'll receive As long as there's Christmas we'll all be just fine A star shines above us lighting your Way and mine
Cogsworth: Just as long as there's Christmas There will be Christmas pud Tons of turkey...
Mrs. Potts: And cranb'ry sauce And mince pies if we're good
Lumiere: Loads of logs on the fire
The Ornaments: Lots of gifts on the tree All wrapped up in red ribbons...
Chip: Wonder if there's one for me
Cogsworth: We are due for a party Where on earth do we start?
Fi-Fi: I may wear my tiara You bought me in Monmartre
Cogsworth: All the silver will sparkle
Mrs. Potts: And the china will gleam
Lumiere: And we'll all be shiny As a brand-new centime
Chip: After dinner we'll play games
Mrs. Potts: 'Till the morning breaks through
Lumiere: Then we'll meet in the garden This is what we shall do
Chip: We will build us a snowman That will reach up to the sky
Belle: It will stay up until July
Angelique: Spoken What are you doing? Stop, stop. Put me down! Put me down! (The Ornaments hoist her to the top of the 'tree') Uh, this is ridiculous, everyone knows that the lights go on first. I don't want to go all the way up there on the top.
Belle/Chorus: As long as there's Christmas I truly believe That hope is the greatest of the gifts we'll receive
Chorus: As long as our guiding star shines above
Belle: As long as there's Christmas we'll all be just fine
Belle/Chorus: There'll always be Christmas
Belle: So there always will be a time When the world is filled with peace and love
Chip: We're going to have the greatest Christmas ever!
Belle: Oh, I hope so Chip.
Lumiere: (The huge ornament tree falls down and they begin to scurry about to get to work.) You, on the left, you on the right, follow me. There is decorating to be done!
Cogsworth: Yes, yes, but keep in mind. The master mustn't find out!
Beast: Christmas!?!!? She's planning Christmas????
Forte: Yes, awful isn't it.
Beast: Perhaps she doesn't know how I feel about Christmas.
Forte: But she does know. She just doesn't care.... like I do. She's actually trying to bring Christmas back to the castle... and you know how much we despise Christmas.
Beast: The day my life ended...
Young Prince: (Flash back to the castle before the transformation.) Bring me my presents!
Lumiere: Your highness please accept this humble gift as a token of our appreciation, I know I speak for everyone when..
Prince: Oh, just give it to me. A storybook? You call this a present... I hope you have something better for me Forte.
Prince: What’s that?
Forte: A small piece in your honor sir.
Prince: Ug, I hate it. Forte, that stuff is gloomy. (A knock is heard) Who disturbs my Christmas?
Hag: Please take this rose in exchange for shelter from the bitter cold.
Prince: I don’t need a rose. Go away, you wretched old hag.
Enchantress: (The transformed hag) You have been deceived by your own cold heart. A curse upon your house and all within it. Until you have one to love you as you are... you shall remain for ever.. a beast.
Forte: (Back in present time) But we have come so far since then... we have risen above the tragedy.
Beast: (Angered) Where is she?
Forte: I believe she's gone to the boiler room.... or so a little birdie told me.
Fife: He-he. Tweet, tweet, tweet.
Oil bucket: Hey, come get out of the way, watch it here.
Axe: All right you guys, now get back to work. The castle doesn't heat itself you know! Oy. So, what can I do you for lady?
Belle: I'm looking for a log.
Axe: All right. Logs we got. We've got hard work, soft wood, we got it all, birch, maple, pine, oak, oy! Concrete, my head, don't worry it'll pass. So make up your mind already!
Belle: It is all right if I just browse.
Axe: Suit yourself, take your time. Me I got work to do. (Belle examines a log. The boiler begins to overload and everyone stands back to watch it. It lets out steam and cools off.) Hey, what am I paying you for? Being boring? Do that on your own time. Get out of here.
Belle: It's a Yule log.
Beast: Huh?
Belle: A Yule log. It's a wonderful tradition. One log is chosen and then everyone in the house touches it and makes a Christmas wish.
Beast: Wishes are stupid. You made a Christmas wish last year, is this what you wished for?
Belle: No, but I'll wishing.. and when the log is burned on Christmas morning.
Beast: There will be no Christmas.
Belle: But..
Beast: NO! I am the master here.
Belle: How can you be so selfish?
Beast: You can not possibly understand.. you have no idea what it's like to lose everything, to be trapped in your own castle to be a..a...
Chip: Hiya Belle. You should see the ballroom. It's all decorated and pretty and there's garlands everywhere! I think the master's gonna be really excited when he finds out about Christmas.
Belle: Well, he... he already knows.
Chip: Really? Was he excited?
Belle: Actually Chip, he's forbidden it.
Chip: But I thought he couldn't forbid Christmas.
Belle: You know Chip... he can't! We'll have Christmas with or without him.
Chip: Hooray! Can we get a tree now Belle, it's the only thing we're missing.
Chip: He-he-he
Chip: Umm...naah.. too skinny. Come on.
Lumiere: Oh la la.
Beast: Lumiere...
Lumiere: She is beautiful no?
Beast: Yes and I'm hideous.
Lumiere: (Under his breath) Not to mention ill-tempered.
Lumiere: Oh, it looks like a Christmas present.
Lumiere: Oh ho ho. It's for you master, it's from.... a girl!
Beast: Mrs. Potts
Lumiere: No, from Belle.
Lumiere: Ah, ah, master you can't open it!
Beast: Well, why not! It's for me isn't it!
Lumiere: Because it's not yet Christmas.
Beast: Pshaw!
Lumiere: Master, we all understand how you feel about Christmas, but when a woman gives a man a gift, she is saying 'I care for you.'
Beast: But I don't have a gift for her.
Lumiere: It is not too late.
Beast: Well, I guess I could get her a little somethin'. (Heads into Forte's room) Forte! Stop the noise!
Forte: Noise? Noise? This is my masterpiece. (Beast growls) Master...
Beast: I want you to compose a song. It's a present... for Belle.
Forte: Belle?
Forte: Oh, but happines is so... depressing! What's next? Love songs??? Wedding marches??? It's all that girl's fault.
Belle: (Outside still searching for a tree) What about this one?
Chip: Umm.. too wiggly.
Belle: Too..wiggly?
Forte: (Back in his room) Fife! Pay attention. I need you to pace when I think. The girl is evil I tell you. She holds him from my grasp. She fills his head with dreams of love and hope and Christmas.
Fife: Well, whatcha gonna do? Ya can't stop Christmas!
Forte: No, but I can stop the girl.
Belle: (Back on the grounds searching for a tree) Chip, this is the last one.
Chip: That's not it! That's just a weed wishin' it was a tree.
Belle: Chip, we looked at every tree on the grounds.
Chip: But there's more this way than that.
Belle: It will have to do.
Axe: (She pounds him into the tree) Oy, aye gavult. What a hedache I have.
Belle: I'm sorry. I'll get a saw.
Axe: No, that's fine. I don't want I should put you out.
Axe: You have some oil? I just though... a little massage.. but if it's not, it's no. What are you waiting for, go ahead knock yourself out. You never get headaches I guess. Lucky you.
Belle: Really, I can get a saw.
Belle: Shhhh. Oh, it's beautiful.
Axe: Don't worry about me, I'll just sit here. Snow is fine. (Snow falls on him.) Maybe a little wet, but who's complaining.
Forte: Yes, my dear. Come to me.
Belle: (walking towards Forte's room, talking to Sultan) Come here, Boy. Come here.
Fife: Aaa, good doggie, nice doogie.
Belle: Sultan? (Enters Forte's room) Hello? Hello?
Chip: M-m-maybe there's nobody here. M-m-maybe we should go.
Belle: (Hears Sultan barking) What's the matter Sultan?
Fife: (Cowering from Sultan) Aaaa
Belle: Oh, Hello. I don't believe we've met. I'm Belle. And you are?
Fife: Fife.
Belle: (Sultan growls at Fife.) Down boy, down. We heard the most beautiful music. Was it you?
Forte: Mademoiselle, please. I am maestro Forte, court composer and your most humble servant.
Belle: Pleased to meet you Monsieur Forte. I'm Belle.
Forte: Yes, the entire castle is talking about you child. They say you are planning a Christmas Gala. Marvelous idea. The very thing to shatter the master's dark and gloomy past. But you must make this the grandest celebration ever. Have you gifts?
Chip: Yep.
Forte: Food?
Chip: Yep.
Forte: Garlands, ribbons, wreaths?
Chip: Check.
Forte: Spangles and 'fandangles?' The trinkets, the trimmings, the trappings?
Chip: Yup, we got 'em all.
Forte: The tree?
Chip: See Belle, I told ya.
Belle: Well, we found one.
Chip: But it was on the piddlin side of punny.
Forte: (laughes) But did you look in the Black forest? There you will find a tree better than any you can dream of.
Chip: Better? We gotta go Belle. We gotta
Belle: Chip, we can't. I promised your master I wouldn't leave the castle grounds. I gave my word.
Forte: Cheer up son, there is a profound lesson to be learned here. Keeping your word is much more important than bringing joy to another.
Belle: You're twisting what I say.
Forte: Not at all. I agree with you. Look after youself. Let the master do the same. Never mind that the tree was always his favorite part of Christmas.
Chip: Please Belle, please.
Belle: It looks dangerous.
Forte: Mademoiselle, you are in more danger in this very room. I assure you.
Belle: All right.
Chip: Yes!
Belle: We'll take Philipe. If we hurry we can be back by nightfall.
Chip: Hurray!
Belle: Au revior Monsieur Forte. You'll keep my secret won't you?
Forte: Of course Mademoiselle, the master will remain completely in the dark.
Fife: Au revior
Forte: Fife! I want you to follow her. Make sure that they don't come back.
Fife: Oh but Maestro, she's so nice.
Forte: When you are finished fauning Fife perhaps you can recommend someone else to play your solo.
Beast: (In the rose room, tidying up and humming to himself) Cogsworth.
Cogsworth: Oh yes, comming, comming.
Beast: Cogsworth.
Cogsworth: Running, running. Almost there. (enters the room) You bellowed sir?
Beast: Find Belle. I..uh..well..um... She has to hear a song.
Cogsworth: Yes, sir. Right away sir. Uh yes. Spendid. Yes, Splendid. Right away sir. (Looking for her) Belle. Belle? Where is she? Belle?
Lumiere: Careful, Careful. Too fast! Get out of the way. Stop!
Angelique: Huh! Amateurs.
Cogsworth: Belle? Excuse me, Hello. Haa anyone seen Belle? I can't find her anywhere and the Master is demanding to see her now. He's got a song he wants her to hear.
Lumiere: C'est magnifique!
Mrs. Potts: Last I saw of her, she was going with Chip to look for a Christmas tree.
Cogsworth: Right, we must conduct a search of the ground. Lumiere you're with me.
Beast: Cogsworth, I'm waiting.
Cogsworth: Oh dear, very good, very good. I'm almost there. Mrs. Potts, stall the master. Lumiere, Lumiere, wait I'm leading. Me first, you second.
Lumiere: (Outside) Belle? Belle? Where is she?
Cogsworth: Belle? Belle?
Lumiere: Belle, where are you?
Cogsworth: Lumiere, wait.
Lumiere: (Sees the tracks in the snow) The black foresr! Come on, hurry now!
Cogsworth: Oh no! This is catastrophic!
Lumiere: Cogsworth, Quit dawdling.
Cogsworth: I'm not dawdling. I'm waddling.
Lumiere: Well, don't waddle then. We're in a hurry you lazy old clock.
Beast: Hmm. Hmm. (Sighes. Clock ticks. Sighes again. The clock keeps ticking) Why am I still waiting? Mrs. Potts!
Mrs. Potts: Coming sir, coming. Such a brisk day. You look positively chilled to the bone!
Beast: Where's Belle?
Beast: Forte! Play Belle's song. (Deck the Halls begins playing) You're not singing.
Forte: (dejected) Deck the halls with boughs of Holly. Fa la la la la la.
Beast: Louder!
Forte: 'Tis the season to be jolly.
Mrs. Potts: A bit more tea sir? Good for the heart you know.
Beast: No. Thank you.
Mrs. Potts: Just a spot.
Beast: No more.
Mrs. Potts: But there's always room for tea love.
Beast: I said no more!
Mrs. Potts: Dearie me!
Beast: Mrs. Potts, are you trying to distract me?
Mrs. Potts: Goodness no sir. Heavens, is that a yellow-bellied double-breasted sapsucker? Rare this time of year.
Beast: Enough! Where's Cogsworth? Where's Belle?
Mrs. Potts: Belle? We can't find her sir.
Beast: What! Leave me! (Grabs the magic mirror) Show me the girl! (It shows Belle with the carriage and Philipe out in the snow. He believes that she is running away.) I will bring her back!
Forte: No! Um, She's abandoned you! Listen to your old friend won't you? Have I ever steered you wrong? Lead you astray? No! But the girl.. The quickest way to break your heart Make you depressed and ill Is to get tangled up inside The side effects could kill All passion is a waste of time A deadly game pour vous I am your friend, your cher ami I wouldn't lie to you If you must love someone, may I suggest You love yourself! Just think it through You'll never leave and you will find You'll get more rest You'll always feel as good as new Your freedom is the most Important thing, my friend You must be strong, you mustn't bend Don't talk for hours Don't send flowers Don't write poems Don't sing and dance Beneath the stars That shine above Don't fall in love As soon as your heart rules your head Your life is not your own It's hell when someone's always there It's bliss to be alone And love of any kind is bad A dog, a child, a cat They take up so much precious time Now where's the sense in that? Love takes the wildest heart and makes it tame If you're turned on, then just turn off Emotions are a thing all great men overcame Please, don't make this grand catastrophe Don't get attached to anyone or anything There's nothing worse than things that cling You'll go to pot You'll turn to drink You'll never rest You'll end up mad and Looking like some Poor tormented dove Don't fall in love Don't fall in love
Angelique: (In the main room) No, no, no, no, no. You can not make bells with holly. Still I have to admit...not bad for amateurs.
Angelique: I knew this was hopeless.
Chip: (Sees a tree) There! That's it! That's it!
Cogsworth: Do you see her?
Lumiere: Not yet. Now come along, hurry.
Cogsworth: You go on. I'll never make it. Save youself.
Cogsworth: What th..?
Lumiere: (Using Cogsworth as a sled) Hold on!
Cogsworth: Whoa! Oh dear!
Lumiere: Allez, Allez, faster faster! I think we've finally found a use for you. Clock boarding. No snow clocking. Whatever! Allez!
Chip: It's the best tree ever!
Belle: Chip you're right.
Axe: Merry Christmas and a Happy Hanukkah!
Belle: We'd better hurry. It's getting very stormy.
Axe: Oy! Oy! Again, with the chopping.
Fife: Oh, I've got to do something. Forte's counting on me!
Chip: Timber!
Belle: Take it away Philipe.
Belle: Fife?
Fife: Uh, Hi Belle. Nice tree.
Belle: What are you doing way out here?
Belle: Philipe! Oh no!
Belle: Chip! Where is he?
Chip: (muffled) Help! Help!
Lumiere: Hang on cherie! I will save you!
Cogsworth: Oh dear.
Axe: (rushes over to Fife and chops the ice freeing Belle) Oy!
Belle: (Emerges from beneath the ice) Oh Chip thank goodness you're safe.
Chip: I wasn't scared.
Chip: Belle!
Fife: Oh no! What have I done? It's all my fault.
Lumiere: We all share some blame, mon ami, for daring to hope for Christmas.
Beast: You said you'd never leave
Belle: I wasn't trying to leave. I just wanted to make you happy.
Beast: You broke your word and for that you will rot in this dungeon forever.
Belle: I should have known that you'd never be anything but a Beast.
Lumiere: (In the main room. A bell tolls 12.) Midnight. Merry Christmas Cogsworth.
Cogsworth: If only it were.
Forte: Oh my dear old friend. I told you not to feel for her. Things were so much simpler before she came along, before we dared to..hope.
Beast: Oh, I though she was the one.
Chip: Belle?
Lumiere: Hello Cherie.
Mrs. Potts: There she is.
Lumiere: Merry Christmas.
Chip: Doesn't look so special to me.
Belle: Oh Chip, I'm sorry. Nothings changed.
Angelique: I told you. I told you nothing would change. I told you the master would not allow this. I told you that Christmas was a hopeless folly. But, I was wrong. When I felt lost and lonely Not a dream in my head Your words lifted my spirits high Remember what you said As long as there's Christmas I truly believe
Angelique/Belle: That hope is the greatest of the gifts we'll recieve As long as our guiding star shines above
Angelique: There'll always be Christmas
Belle: So there always will be a time When the world is filled with peace and love
Beast: Belle.
Forte: What are you doing? What is it? Oh a storybook. Does this one had pretty pictures you can color? (Laughs) Utterly dreadful master.
Beast: No! This one is different. It's from Belle.
Forte: Well that would account for the creative wraping.
Beast: Quiet! I want to read.
Belle: (Voice over) Once upon a time there was an enchanted castle. It's master seemed as cold as winter. Deep inside his heart-- His cries echoed through the stone wall of the castle-- though surrounded by servants, he was all alone. And in that simple act of kindness, he knew that someone cared. Christmas that year was spent exchanging humble gifts but the greatest gift that anyone received was the gift of hope.
Beast: Hmm...Hope
Forte: No master! Come back! (Beast leaves) She'll only prolong your torment!
Chip: You know what Belle? I don't need a tree to celebrate Christmas.
Lumiere: And I can do without mistletoe.
Cogsworth: Well, I don't need tinsel.
Lumiere: Oh, I don't need holly.
Cogsworth: And I don't need a wreath.
Lumiere: I don't need ornaments.
Cogsworth: And I.. don't need turkey
Lumiere: I don't need stuffing.
Cogsworth: I don't need pudding!
Lumiere: To each his own my friend You know how to get me stressed But when it comes to making Christmas special
Cogsworth: I'm a cut above the rest
Lumiere: If you could see things clearly You would say that I've been blessed
Cogsworth: You can't hold a candle to my timing
Lumiere: Ahh! I'm a cut above the rest
Belle: You belong side by side You should never be apart Cause when you're both together You're really twice as smart
Cogsworth:
Spoken:Twice as smart she does have a point
Lumiere:
Spoken: Yes, well, two heads are better than one
Cogsworth: I'd say that as a team We have got to be the best
Lumiere: Now we've found something We both agree on We're a cut above the rest
Lumiere/Cogsworth: There's no doubt that as a team We two are the very best Everyone who knows us must agree... We're a cut above the rest
Lumiere/Cogsworth/Belle: There's not doubt that as a team
Belle: You two are the very best Everyone who knows you must agree
Lumiere/Cogsworth: We're a cut...
Belle: A cut above...
Lumiere/Cogsworth: Above the rest!
Beast: Uh, Belle. Can you forgive me?
Belle: Of course. Merry Christmas.
Beast: Let's give Belle the Christmas she's always wanted.
Chip: What is it mama? What's happening?
Forte: Can you believe I never took a lesson.
Beast: (The floor between him and Belle separates) Belle!
Belle: Oh no! Help!
Beast: Belle!
Fife: Maestro! Stop! What do you think you're doing?
Forte: Don't you see Fife? They can't fall in love if they're dead!
Fife: I'll tell you what I see. A big old windbag.
Fife: My solo! It's blank!
Forte: So naive. You're second fiddle Fife and that's all you'll ever be.
Beast: Forte!
Beast: Forte! (Enter his room) Enough!
Belle: (She places a plank of wood across the crack in the dungeon floor and lead everyone across the the floor) Careful.
Lumiere: (Everyone enters the room. The shaking has almost knocked the rose and jar off the table.) The bell jar!
Cogsworth: Got it! Got it!
Angelique: Careful.
Forte: (Still blasting music) Is this happy enough for you master? I know I'm downright giddy!
Fife: Oh master, the keyboard!
Fife: Oh no! What have I done? It's all my fault.
Beast: Forte.
Mrs. Potts: Oh yes, it is lovely.
Lumiere: And you said it was impossible.
Angelique: Uh-uh-uh-uh, I said it was impossible with out me.
Cogsworth: Everyone, shh-shh. Here they come!
Chip: Wow!
Mrs. Potts: And what a wonderful Christmas it was. I suppose if anyone saved Christmas it was Belle.
Prince: Merry Christmas, one and all!
All: Merry Christmas.
Cogsworth: Merry Christmas to you sir.
Lumiere: Merry Christmas everyone.
Belle: I believe we have a little something for you Chip.
Chip: A present? Oh boy, Thank you! (The Prince removes a package from his coat and hands it to Chip) Oh look mama, a storybook! Will ya read it to me?
Mrs. Potts: I'd love to son.
Chip: Oh boy!
Prince: Maestro.
Fife: Yes, master?
Prince: Would you do us the honor old friend?
