Narrator: Long ago, in the faraway land of ancient Greece, there was a golden:  age of powerful gods and extraordinary heroes. And the greatest and strongest of all these heroes was the mighty Hercules. But what is the measure of a true hero? Ah, that is what our story is-
Muse 1:	Will you listen to him? He's makin' the story sound like some greek:  tragedy.
Muse 5:	Lighten up, dude.: 
Muse 3:	We'll take it from here, darling.: 
Narrator: You go, girls: 
Muse 3:	We are the Muses. Goddeses of the arts and proclaimers of the heroes.: 
Muse 5: Heroes like Hercules: 
Muse 1: Honey, you mean "hunk-ules". Ooh, I'd like to make some sweet music:  with him-
Muse 3:	Our story actually begins long before Hercules, many eons ago..: 
Muses:	(singing):  Back when the world was new The planet Earth was down on its luck And everywhere gigantic brutes called Titans ran amok It was a nasty place There was a mess wherever you stepped Where chaos reigned and the earthquakes and volcanos never slept (Whoo! Say it, girlfriend!) And then along came Zeus He hurled his thunderbolt	--	He zapped Locked those suckers in a vault	--	They're trapped And on his own, stopped chaos on its tracks And that's the gospel truth The guy was too "type A" to just relax And that's the world's first dish (yeah, baby!) Zeus tamed the globe while still in his youth Tough, honey, it may seem impossible That's the gospel truth On Mount Olympus life was neat And smooth as sweet vermouth Although honey, it may seem impossible That's the gospel truth Muses still repeat their 'ah's and 'yeah's, camera moves up the mountain slope,while it does, the movie title, HERCULES, is shown. Then camera goes inside,
Hera:	Hercules! Behave yourself: 
Zeus:	Oh, look at this, look how cute he is..:  Hah! Oh, he's strong! Like his Dad, hmm?
Hermes (moving through a crowd of gods): Whoa! Excuse me! Hot stuff coming:  through! Excuse me one side, Ares.
Hera:	Why, Hermes, they're lovely: 
Hermes:	Yeah, you know, I had Orpheus do the arrangement. Isn't that too nutty?:  (flying closer to Zeus now) Fabulous party, you know, I haven't seen this much love in a room since Narcissus discovered himself
Hera:	Dear, keep those away from the baby.: 
Zeus:	Oh, he won't hurt himself. Let the kid have a little fun: 
Zeus:	Oh, on behalf of my son, I want to thank you all for your wonderful:  gifts
Hera:	What about our gift, dear?: 
Zeus:	Well, let's see here.. we'll take, hmm, yes, a little cirrus, and, hmm,:  a touch of nimbostratus, and a dash of cumulus. His name is Pegasus, and he's all yours, son.
Hera:	Mind his head: 
Zeus:	He's so tiny: 
Zeus:	My boy. My little Hercules.: 
Hades:	How centimental.:  You know, I haven't been this choked up since I got a hunk of moussaka caught in my throat! huh? So is this an audience of a mosaic? Hey, how you doin'? Lookin' good. Nice dress.
Zeus:	So Hades, you finally made it. How are things in the underworld?: 
Hades (taking Zeus' hand off his shoulder): well, they're just fine, you know,:  a little dark, a little gloomy, and as always, hey, full of dead people. What are you gonna do? Ah! There's the little sunspot, little smootchie. And here is a sucker for the little sucker, eh? Here you go. Ya just-- sheesh! uh, powerful little tyke.
Zeus (hugging Hades once again):  Come on, Hades, don't be such a stiff,:  join the celebration!
Hades (getting free from the hug again):  Hey, love to, babe, but unlike:  you gods lounging about up here, I regrettably have a full-time gig You know, by the way, so charitably bestowed on me, Zeus, So.. can't. Love to, but can't.
Zeus:	You ought to slow down, you'll work yourself to death... Hah! work:  yourself to death! Oh, I kill myself
Hades:	If only, if only..: 
Muse 3:	If there's one god who don't want to get steamed up, it's Hades,:  'cause he had an evil plan
Muses sing in background::  He ran the underworld But thought the dead were dull and uncouth He was as mean as he was ruthless And that's the gospel truth He had a plan to shake things up And that's the gospel truth
Hades:	Pain!: 
Pain:	Coming, your most lugubriousness.: 
Hades:	Panic!: 
Panic:	Oh, I'm sorry, I can handle it!: 
Pain:	Pain!: 
Panic:	And Panic!: 
Both:	Reporting for duty!: 
Hades:	Fine, fine, fine, just let me know the instant the Fates arrive.: 
Panic (who just got his horns free from Pain):  Oh! They're here!: 
Hades bursts into flames::  What? The Fates are here and you didn't tell me?
Pain and Panic: We are worms! Worthless worms!: 
Hades:	Memo to me, memo to me, maim you after my meeting: 
Atropos:	Darling, hold that mortal's thread of life good and tight: 
Lachesis:	Incoming!: 
Hades:	Ladies! hah! I am so sorry that I'm--: 
Atropos: Late: 
Clotho:  We knew you would be: 
Lachesis: We know everything: 
Clotho: Past: 
Lachesis: Present: 
Atropos: And future (to Panic): Indoor plumbing - it's gonna be big.: 
Hades:	Great. Great. Anyway, see, Ladies, I was at this party, and I lost:  track of--
Fates:	We know!: 
Hades:	Yeah. I know.. you know. So, here's the deal. Zeus, Mr High and Mighty,:  Mr. "Hey, you, get off my cloud," now he has--
Fates:	A bouncing baby brat.: 
Clotho: We know!: 
Hades:	I know.. you know. I know. I got it. I got the concept, so let me just: 
ask: Is this kid gonna mess up my hostile takeover big, or what?:  What do you think?
Lachesis:  Um--: 
Clotho silences her:  Oh no, you don't. We are not supposed to reveal the:  future.
Hades:	Oh wait, I'm sorry. Time out. Can I? Can I ask you a question, by:  the way? Are you, (to Lachesis), did you cut your hair of something? You look fabulous. Lachesis giggles
Hade:	I mean, you look like a fate worse then death:  Lachesis giggles more, Clotho hits her on the head, the eye fells out into the hands of Panic
Panic:	Oh, gross!: 
Pain:	Yech! It's blinkin'!: 
Hades: Ladies, please, my fate...  (he puts the eye to Lachesis' hand) is in:  your lovely hands
Lachesis: Oh, yeah: 
Clotho: All right.: 
Atropos::  In 18 years precisely The planets will align Ever so nicely
Hades:	Ay, verse!. Oy.: 
Atropos::  The time to act will be at hand Unleash the Titans, your monstrous band
Hades:	Mm-hmm, good, good.: 
Atropos::  Then the once-proud Zeus will finally fall, And you, Hades, will rule all!
Hades:	Yes! Hades rules!!!: 
Atropos::  A word of caution to this tale
Hades:	Excuse me?: 
Atropos::  Should Hercules fight, you will fail
Hades (burning into flame): What???:  Pain? Panic? Got a little riddle for ya. How do you kill a god?
Pain:	I do not... know!: 
Panic:	You can't. They're immortal?: 
Hades:	Bingo! They're immortal:  So, first you got to turn the little sunspot mortal.
Zeus:	Huh?: 
Hera:	What? what is it?: 
Both:	The Baby!: 
Hera:	Hercules! Oh!: 
Zeus:	No!!!: 
Panic:	Now we did it! Zeus is gonna use us for target practice!: 
Pain:	Just hang onto the kid, Panic.: 
Panic:	Hurry! Let's just kill the kid and het it over with, okay?: 
Pain (opening the vial): Here you go, kid, a little grecian formula.: 
Panic:	Look at that! He's.. changing:  Can we do it now?
Pain:	No, no, no, he has to drink the whole potion! Every last drop.: 
Amphitryon: Who's there?:  Alcmene, over here.
Alcmene: Oh, you poor thing! Oh, don't cry: 
Amphitryon: Is anybody there?: 
Panic:	Now?: 
Pain:	Now.: 
Amphitryon: Oh well, he must have been abandoned.: 
Alcmene: Amphitryon, for so many years we've prayed to the gods to bless us:  with a child. Perhaps they've answered our prayers
Amphitryion: Perhaps they have... Hercules?: 
Pain and Panic: Help, help, help!: 
Panic:	Hades is gonna kill us when he finds out what happened.: 
Pain:	You mean, *if* he finds out: 
Pani:	Of course he's gonna f-- If.. if is good.: 
Muse 2:	It was tragic. Zeus led all the gods on a frantic search: 
Muse 5: But by the time they found the baby, it was too late.: 
Muse 2 starts singing::  Young Herc was mortal now But since he did not drink the last drop	-- mm He still retained his godlike strength		-- oh So thank his lucky stars			-- tell it, girl But Zeus and Hera wept				-- ooh, ooh, ooh Because their son could never come home		-- ooh They'd have to watch their precious baby Grow up from afar Though Hades' horrid plan Was hatched before Herc cut his first tooth	-- ahh The boy grew stronger every day And that's the gospel truth The gospel truth
Amphitryon: Hercules, slow down!: 
Amphitryong: Look out!: 
Young Hercules: Oops! S-s-sorry guys!: 
Worker (falling down): Hey, watch where you're goin'!: 
Worker 2: Sunday driver!: 
Amphitryon: Thanks, son.  When old Penelope twisted her ankle back there,:  I thought we were done for.
Hercules: No problem, Pop.: 
Amphitryon: Uh, don't-don't-don't unload just yet. First I have to finagle:  with Phideas.
Hercules: Okay.:  Oops, sorry, Penelope.
Amphitryon: Now, Hercules, this time, please just--: 
Hercules: I know, I know:  Stay by the cart
Amphitryon: That's my boy.: 
Man:	Oh, my goodness. Whoa!: 
Herules: Careful!: 
Man:	Why thank you: 
Hercules: No problem: 
Man (sees Hercules and looks frightened): Why, Hercules! It's you!: 
Hercules: Let me, let me help you with that: 
Man:	No, no, no, no, no, I got it.:  I'm fine, you just run along.
Hercules: Are you sure?: 
Man:	Oh, yes. Absolutely.: 
Boy 1:	Yo! Give it here!: 
Hercules: Hey, you need an extra guy?: 
Boy 1:	Uh.. sorry, Herc. We already got.. five. And we want to keep it an:  even number.
Hercules: Hey, wait a second. Five isn't an even--: 
Boy 1: (snatching the freesbee): see ya, Herc.: 
Boy 2:	What a geek!: 
Boy 3:	Destructo boy.: 
Boy 1:	Maybe we should call him "Jerkules": 
Boy 1:	Heads up!: 
Hercules: I-I got it!: 
Boy 1:	No! Stop!: 
Hercules: Uh-oh.. Oh no!.. It's okay..:  Hey! Whoa!
Amphitryon: Son!: 
Hercules: Hang on, Pop! Be right back!: 
Man: Oh my! Oh no! Don't! Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no!: 
Hercules: Watch out!: 
Boy 1: Nice catch, Jerkules.: 
Amphitryon: Son: 
Man: This is the last straw, Amphitryon!: 
Voice: That boy is a menace!: 
Voice 2: He's too dangerous to be around normal people!: 
Amphitryon: He didn't mean any harm, he's just a kid. He-he just can't control:  his strength
Man: I am warning you. You keep that-that-that.. freak away from here!: 
Boy: Freak! Yeah, go away!: 
Amphitryon: Son, you shouldn't let those things they said back there get to:  you.
Hercules: But Pop, they're right. I-I am a freak. I try to fit in, I really do.:  I just can't. Sometimes.. I feel like, like I really don't belong here. Like I'm supposed to be.. someplace else.
Amphitryon: Hercules, son--: 
Hercules: I know it doesn't make any sense.:  I have often dreamed of a far off place Where a great, warm welcome will be waiting for me Where the crowds will cheer when they see my face And a voice keeps sayin' this is where I'm meant to be I will find my way I can go the distance I'll be there someday If I can be strong I know every mile Will be worth my while I would go most anywhere to feel like I belong.
Amphitryon: Hercules, there's something your mother and I have been meaning:  to tell ya.
Hercules: But if you found me, then where did I come from? Why was I left here?: 
Alcmene: This was around your neck when we found you. It's the symbol of the:  gods.
Hercules: This is it! Don't you see? Maybe they have the answers! I'll go to:  the temple of Zeus and-- Ma, Pop, you're the greatest parents anyone could have, but.. I-I gotta know I am on my way I can go the distance I don't care how far Somehow I'll be strong I know every mile Will be worth my while I would go most everywhere to find where I belong.
Hercules: Oh mighty Zeus, please, hear me and answer my prayer. I need to know::  Who am I? Wh-where do I belong? Huh?
Zeus:	My boy. My little Hercules.:  Hey, hey, hey, hold on kiddo! What's your hurry? After all these years is this a kind of hello to give your father?
Hercules: Father?: 
Zeus:	Didn't know you had a famous father, did you? Surprise!!:  Look how you've grown. Why you've got your mother's beautiful eyes... and my strong chin. Hah!
Hercules: I-I don't understand. If you are my father, that would make me a--: 
Zeus:	A god.: 
Hercules: A god. A god!: 
Zeus:	Hey, you wanted answers, and by thunder, you're old enough to know the:  truth
Hercules: But why did you leave me on earth? Didn't you want me?: 
Zeus:	Of course we did. Your mother and I loved you with all our hearts but:  someone stole you from us and turned you mortal, and only gods can live on Mount Olympus.
Hercules: And you can't do a thing?: 
Zeus:	I can't, Hercules, but you can.: 
Hercules: R-really? W-what? I-I'll do anything.: 
Zeus:	Hercules, if you can prove yourself a true hero on Earth, your godhood:  will be restored!
Hercules: A true hero. Great! Uh, exactly how do you become a true hero?: 
Zeus:	First, you must seek out Philoctetes, the trainer of heroes.: 
Hercules: Seek out Philoctetes. Right. I'll--:  Whoa!
Zeus:	Whoa! Hold your horses! Which reminds me..:  Ha-ha! You probably don't remember Pegasus but you two go way back, son
Hercules: Oh, Pegasus !: 
Zeus:	He is a magnificient horse. With the brain of a bird.: 
Hercules: I'll find Philoctetes and become a true hero!: 
Zeus:	That's the spirit!: 
Hercules: I won't let you down, father! Yee-haw!: 
Zeus:	Good luck, son.: 
Hercules::  I will beat the odds I can go the distance I will face the world Fearless, proud and strong I will please the gods I can go the distance Till I find my hero's welcome right where I belong
Hercules: You sure this is the right place?:  What's the matter, little guy? You stuck?
Phil:	Whoa! Hey, butt out, buddy!: 
Hercules: Ugh: 
Phil:	Girls! Stop! Stop! Come back, come back, come back. Whoa, whoa--:  oh, geez! Whait! Whoa, whoa, whoa! Oh, nymphs! They can't keep their hands off me.
Nymph:	Hey!: 
Phil (to Hercules)::  What's the matter? You never seen a satyr before?
Hercules: Uh.. no. Can you help us? We're looking for someone called:  Philoctetes.
Phil:	Call me Phil.: 
Hercules sqeezes his hand: Phil!: 
Phil:	Ow!: 
Hercules: Boy, am I glad to meet you! I'm Hercules. This is Pegasus.: 
Phil:	Animals!. Disgusting!: 
Hercules: I need your help. I want to become a hero. A true hero.: 
Phil:	Sorry, kid, can't help ya.: 
Hercules: Wait!: 
Phil:	Whoo!: 
Hercules: Uh, sorry. Why not?: 
Phil:	Two worlds: I am retired.: 
Hercules: Look, I gotta do this. Haven't you ever had a dream, something you:  wanted so bad you'd do anything?
Phil sighes: Kid, come inside, I want to show you something.: 
Phil:	Watch it! That was part of the mast of the Argo.: 
Hercules: The Argo?: 
Phil:	Yeah. Who do you think taught Jason how to sail? Cleopatra? I trained:  all those would-be heroes. Odysseus, Perseus, Theseus. A lot of "yeuseus." And every single one of those bums let me down. Flatter then a discus. None of them could go the distance. And then there was Achilles. Now there was a guy who had it all - the build, the foot speed. He could jab, he could take a hit, he could keep on comin'. But that furshlugginer heel of his! He barely gets nicked there once and - kaboom! He's history. Yeah, I had a dream once. I dreamed I was gonna train the greatest hero there ever was. So great the gods would hang a picture of him in the stars... All across the sky, and people would say, "That's Phil's boy." That's right. Eh, but dreams are for rookies. A guy can only take so much disappointment.
Hercules: But I am different than those other guys, Phil! I can go the distance:  Come on, I'll show you.
Phil grunts: Geez, you don't give up, do ya?: 
Hercules: Watch this.: 
Phil: Holy Hera.. You know maybe if I-- No! Snap out of it! I am too old to get:  mixed up in this stuff again.
Hercules: But if I don't become a true hero, I'll never be able to rejoin my:  father, Zeus.
Phil:	Hold it! Zeus is your father, right?: 
Hercules: Uh-huh.: 
Phil laughs: Zeus! The big guy. He's your daddy! Mr. Lightning Bolts, read me:  a book, will ya.. da-da? Zeus!
Hercules: It's the truth!: 
Phil:	Please!:  So you wanna be a hero, kid, well, whoop-de-do I have been around the block before with blockheads just like you Each and every one was disappointment Pain for which there ain't no ointment So much for excuses Though a kid of Zeus is Asking me to jump into the fray
My answer is two words::  Okay.
Hercules: You mean you'll do it?: 
Phil:	You win.: 
Hercules: You won't be sorry, Phil.: 
Phil:	Oh, gods.: 
Hercules: So when do we start? Can we start now?: 
Phil:	Oy, vay.: 
Phil sing::  I'd given up hope that someone would come along A fella who'd ring the bell for once not the gong The kind who wins trophies Won't settle for low fees At least semipro fees But no, I get the greenhorn I've been out to pasture, pal, my ambition gone Content to spend lazy days and to graze my lawn But you need an advisor A satyr, but wiser A good merchandiser and-- whoa! There goes my ulcer I'm down to one last hope and I hope it's you Though, kid, you're not exactly a dream come true I trained enough turkeys Who never came through You're my only last hope So you'll have to do
Phil:	Rule #6: When rescuing a damsel, always handle with care:  No!
Phil:	Rule #95, kid: Concentrate!: 
Rule #96: Aim!:  Demigods have faced the odds and ended up a mockery Don't believe in the stories that you read on all the crockery To be a true hero, kid, is a dying art Like painting a masterpiece it's a work of heart It takes more then sinew Comes down to what's in you You have to continue To grow!
Phil:	Now that's more like it!:  I'm down to one last shot and my last high note Before that blasted underworld gets my goat My dreams are on you, kid Go make 'em come true Climb that uphill slope Keep pushing that envelope You're my one last hope And, kids, it's up to you Yeah!
Hercules: Did you see that? Next stop, Olympus.: 
Phil:	All right, just take it easy, champ.: 
Hercules: I am ready, I want to get off this island. I want to see battles and:  monsters! Rescue some damsels.. You know, heroic stuff.
Phil:	Well--: 
Hercules: Aw, come on, Phil!: 
Phil:	Well, okay, okay. You want a road test? Saddle up, kid. We're going:  to Thebes!
Hercules: Yahoo!:  So, what's in Thebes?
Phil:	A lot of problems. It's a big tough town, good place to start building:  a rep. Sounds like your basic D.I.D. - Damsel In Distress.
Hercules: Hyah!: 
Nessus: Not so fast, sweetheart: 
Megara: I swear, Nessus. Put me down or I'll--: 
Nessus: Whoo! I like 'em fiery!: 
Phil:	Now remember, kid. First, analyze the situation. Don't just barrel in:  there without thinking. Eh? He's losin' points for this!
Megara: You don't know what you're--: 
Hercules: Halt!: 
Nessus: Step aside, two legs.: 
Hercules: Pardon me, my good, uh, uh..... sir. I'll have to ask you to release:  that young...
Megara: Keep movin', junior: 
Hercules: ...lady. But you-- are-aren't you a damsel in distress?: 
Megara: I am a damsel, I am in distress. I can handle this. Have a nice day.: 
Hercules: Uh-- *ahem* Ma'am, I'm afraid you may be too close to the situation:  to realize--
Phil:	Ohhh! What are you doin'? Get your sword!: 
Hercules (searching in water): Sword. Right, right.. Rule #15: A hero is only:  as good as his weapon!
Phil groans and tells to Pegassus who rushes to help::  Whoa! Hold it! Hold on! He's gotta do it on his own. Come on, kid! Concentrate! Use your head!
Hercules: Oh...: 
Phil:	All right! Not bad, kid. Not exactly what I had in mind, but not bad.: 
Hercules: Oh, gee, Miss, I'm I'm really sorry.: 
Megara:	Oh.: 
Hercules: That was dumb: 
Megara:	Yeah.: 
Hercules: Excuse me.: 
Phil:	Nice work! Excellente!: 
Megara: Is wonderboy here for real?: 
Phil:	What are you talking about? Of course he's real..:  Whoa! And by the way, sweet cheeks, I am real too.
Megara: Ugh: 
Hercules: Yee-hah! Yahoo!:  How was that, Phil?
Phil:	Rein it in, rookie. You can get away with mistakes like those in the:  minor decathlons, but this is the big leagues!
Hercules sighes: At least I beat him. Didn't I?: 
Phil:	Next time don't let your guard down because of a pair of big goo-goo:  eyes! D-oh! It's like I keep tellin' ya. You gotta stay focused, and you--
Hercules: Are you, uh, all right, Miss, uh--: 
Megara: Megara. My friends call me Meg. At least they would if I had any:  friends. So, did they give you a name along with all those rippling pectorials?
Hercules: Uh, I'm, um, uh--: 
Megara: Are you always that articulate?: 
Hercules: Hercules. my-- *ahem* My name is Hercules.: 
Megara: Hercules, huh? I think I prefer wonderboy.: 
Hercules: So, uh, how-how-how'd you get mixed up with the, uh--: 
Megara: Pinhead with hooves? Well, you know how men are. They think that "no":  means "yes" and "get lost" means "take me, I'm yours". Don't worry, Shorty here can explain it to ya later. Well, thanks for everything, Herc. It's been a real slice.
Hercules: Wait! Um.. can we give you a ride?: 
Megara: Uh, I don't think your Pinto likes me very much: 
Hercules: Pegasus? Oh, no, don't be silly. He'd be more than happy to-- ow!: 
Megara: I'll be all right. I'm a big, tough girl. I tie my own sandals and:  everything. Bye-bye Wonderboy.
Hercules: Bye... She's something, isn't she, Phil?: 
Phil:	Yeah, oh yeah, she's really something. A real pain in the patella!:  Earth to Herc! Come in Herc! Come in Herc! We got a job to do, remember? Thebes is still waitin'.
Hercules: Yeah. Yeah. I know.: 
Megara: Aw.. how cute. A couple of rodents looking for a theme park.: 
Pain (as a bunny): Who you callin' a rodent, sister? I'm a bunny!: 
Panic (as a gopher): A-and I'm his gopher.: 
Together: Ta-dah!: 
Megara sighes: I thought I smelled a rat.: 
Hades:	Meg.: 
Megara: Speak of the devil.: 
Hades:	Meg, my little flower, my little bird, my little nut, Meg. What exactly:  happened here? I thought you were gonna persuade the river guardian to join my team for the uprising, and here I am, kind of river guardian-less.
Megara: I gave it my best shot, but he made me an offer I had to refuse.: 
Hades:	Fine. So, instead of subtracting two years from your sentence, hey,:  I'm gonna add two on, okay? Give that your best shot.
Megara:	It wasn't my fault. It was that wonderboy, Hercules.: 
Panic:	Hercules? Why does that name ring a bell?: 
Pain:	I don't know. Um, maybe we owe him money?: 
Hades:	What was that name again?: 
Megara: Hercules. He comes on with this big, innocent farm boy routine but I:  could see through that in a peloponnesian minute.
Pain:	Wait a minute. Wasn't Hercules the name of that kid we were supposed:  to--
Pain and Panic: Oh my gods!: 
Panic:	Run for it!: 
Hades:	So you took care of him, huh? Dead as a door nail. Weren't those your:  exact words?
Pain:	This might be a different Hercules.: 
Panic:	Yeah! I mean, Hercules is a very popular name nowadays!: 
Pain:	Remember, like, a few years ago every other boy was named Jason and:  the girls were all named Brittany?
Hades:	I'm about to rearrange the Cosmos and the one schlemiel who can louse:  it up is waltzing around in the woods!
Pain:	Wait. Wait, big guy. We can still cut in on his waltzing.: 
Panic:	That's right! And-and-and at least we made him mortal, that's a good:  thing. Didn't we?
Hades:	Hmm.. Fortunately for the three of you we still have time to correct:  this rather egregious oversight. And this time, no foul-ups.
Hercules: Wow! Is that all one town?: 
Phil:	One town. A million troubles. The one and only Thebes. The big olive:  itself. If you can make it there, you can make it anywhere. Stick with me, kid. This city is a dangerous place.
Driver:	Look where you're goin' numbskull!: 
Phil:	Het, I'm walkin' here! You see what I mean? I'm tellin' you - wackos.: 
Man:	Pita bread, pita bread, get your pita bread here!: 
Smuggler: Hey, Mack.: 
Phil:	Whoa, whoa, whoa!: 
Smuggler: You wanna buy a sundial?: 
Phil:	He's not interested, all right? Come on, kid.: 
Man:	The end is coming! Can't you feel it?: 
Phil:	Yes, yes. Thank you for the info. Yes. We'll ponder that for a while.:  (to Hercules) Just stare at the sidewalk. Come on. Don't make eye contact. People here are nuts. That's because they live in a city of turmoil. Trust me, kid, you're gonna be just what the doctor ordered.
Woman:	It was tragic! We lost everything in the fire: 
Man:	Everything except old Snowball here.: 
Strong man: Now, were the fires before or after the earthquake?: 
Thin woman: They were after the earthquake, I remember: 
Heavy woman: But before the flood.: 
Old man: Don't even get me started on the crime rate: 
Heavy woman: Thebes has certainly gone downfall in a hurry.: 
Old man: Tell me about it. It seems like every time I turn around there's:  some new monster wreaking havoc and I--
Man: All we need now is a plague or locusts.: 
Old man: That's it! I'm movin' to Sparta!: 
Hercules: Excuse me. It uh *ahem* seems to me that what you folks need is:  a hero.
Strong man: Yeah, and who are you?: 
Hercules: I'm Hercules, and, uh, I happen to be... a hero.: 
Old man: Is that so?: 
Woman:	A hero!: 
Old man: Have you ever saved a town before?: 
Hercules: Uh, no, uh, not exactly, but I--: 
Strong man: Have you ever reversed a natural disaster?: 
Hercules: Well, uh... no.: 
Strong man: Oh, listen to this. He's just another chariot chaser. This we need.: 
Woman: That's a laugh.: 
Phil:	Don't you pea brains get it?: 
Woman:	Hmm?: 
Phil:	This kid is a genuine article.: 
Man:	Het, isn't that the goat-man who trained Achilles?:  Phil (getting angry) watch it pal
Strong man: Yeah, you're right. Hey, nice job on those heels! Ya missed a spot!: 
Phil:	I got your heel right here!:  I'll wipe that stupid grin off your face! You--
Hercules: Hey Phil! Phil! Phil! Take it easy, Phil.: 
Strong man: What are you, crazy? Sheesh: 
Heavy woman: Young man, we need a professional hero. Not an amateur.: 
Hercules: Well, wait. Stop!:  How am I supposed to prove myself a hero if nobody will give me a chance?
Phil:	You'll get your chance, you just need some kind of catastrophe or:  disaster.
Megara:	Please! Help! Please! There's been a terrible accident!: 
Hercules: Meg?: 
Phil:	Speaking of disasters.: 
Megara:	Wonderboy! Hercules! Thank goodness!: 
Hercules: Wha-what's wrong?: 
Megara: Outside of town, two little boys, they were playing in the gorge.:  There was that rock slide, a terrible rock slide. They're trapped!
Hercules: Kids? Trapped? Phil, this is great!: 
Megara:	You are really choked up about this, aren't ya?: 
Hercules (dragging Meg): Come on!: 
Megara: No, I-- You don't under-- I have this terrible fear of heights!: 
Phil (running): I'm right behind ya, kid! Whoo!: 
(panting): I am way behind ya, kid.: 
(sputtering): I got a fur wedgie: 
Hercules: Are you okay?: 
Megara: I'll be fine. Just get me down before I ruin the upholstery: 
Pain as boy: Help! I can't breathe!: 
Panic as boy: Hurry!: 
Pain as boy: Get us out!: 
Panic as boy: We're suffocating! Somebody call IX-I-I: 
Hercules: Easy fellas, you'll be all right: 
Pain as boy: We can't last much longer!: 
Panic as boy: Get us out before we get crushed!: 
Hercules: How you boys doin'?: 
Panic as boy: We're okay now: 
Pain as boy: Jeepers, mister, you are really strong!: 
Hercules (still holding the stone): Well, try to be a little more careful:  next time, okay, kids?
Pain as boy: We sure will!: 
Hades:	A stirring performance, boys. I was really moved.: 
Panic:	"Jeepers, Mister" ?: 
Pain:	I was going for innocence.: 
Hades:	And, hey, two thumbs way, way up for our leading lady.: 
Megara (quietly): Get outta there, you big lug, while you still can.: 
Hercules: Phil, I did great. They even applauded.. sort of.: 
Phil:	Huh! I hate to burst your bubble, kid, but that ain't applause.: 
Hercules: Ph-ph-ph-phil? What do you call that thing?: 
Phil: Two words! Am-scray!!: 
Hades: Let's get ready to rumble!: 
Phil:	That's it. Dance around! Dance around! Watch the teeth. Watch the teeth:  Keep going. Come on. Come on. Lead with your left. Lead with your left! You other left!!
Phil:	All right! All right! You are bad! Okay!: 
Hercules: See, Phil? That-- That wasn't so hard: 
Phil:	Kid, kid, kid, how many horns do ya see?: 
Hercules: Six?: 
Phil:	Eh, close enough. Let's get you cleaned up.: 
Hades:	Guys, guys, relax. It's only halftime.: 
Phil:	That doesn't sound good: 
Phil:	Definitely not good!: 
Phil:	Will you forget that head-slicing thing?: 
Hercules: Phil, I don't think we covered this one in basic training!: 
Hades:	My favorite part of the game: sudden death.: 
Phil:	Oh! There goes another one. Just like Achilles.: 
Hades:	Game. Set. Match.: 
Hercules: Phil, you gotta admit, that was pretty heroic.: 
Phil:	Ya did it, kid! Ya did it! You won by a landslide!: 
Panic:	Hades mad.: 
Megara:	Well. What do ya know?: 
Muse 5 sings::  From that day forward, out boy Hercules could do no wrong Oh, yeah!
Muse 1:	Bless my soul, Herc was on a roll:  Person of the week in every greek opinion poll
Muse 2:	What a pro!: 
Muse 5: Herc could stop a show:  Point him at a monster and you're talkin' S.R.O. He was a no one A zero, a zero Now he's a honcho He's a hero! He was a kid with his act down pat Zero to hero in no time flat Zero to hero Just like that When he smiled the girls went wild With oohs and aahs
Muse 1:	And they slapped his face on every vase: 
Muse 3:	On every "Vahse"!: 
All:	From appearance fees and royalties:  Our Herc had cash to burn Now nouveau riche and famous He could tell you what's a grecian urn Say amen There he goes again Sweet and underrated And an awesome ten for ten Folks lined up just to watch him flex And this perfect package packed a pair of pretty pecs Hercie, he comes, he sees, he conquers Honey, the crowds were goin' bonkers He showed the moxie brains and spunk -- yeah! From zero to hero A major hunk Zero to hero And who'd have thunk... Who put the glad in gladiator? Hercules! Who's darin' deeds are great theater? Hercules! Isn't he bold? No one braver! Is he sweet? Our favorite flavor! Hercules My man Hercules Hercules Hercules Look at my Hercules Hercules Hercules Bless my soul, Herc was on a roll Underrated, riding high And the nicest guy Not conceited He was a nothing, zero, zero Now he's a honcho, he's our hero! He hit the heights at breakneck speed From zero to hero Herc is a hero Now he's a hero
Muse 3:	Yes, indeed.: 
Hades: Pull!: 
Megara: Nice shooting, Rex.: 
Hades:	I can't believe this guy. I throw everything I've got at him. And it:  doesn't even-- What are those?
Pain:	Um.. I don't know. I thought they looked kinda dashing.: 
Hades:	I've got 24 hours to get rid of this bozo, or the entire scheme:  I've been setting up for 18 years goes up in smoke and you are wearing his merchandise!!!
Panic:	Thirsty?: 
Megara:	Looks like your game's over. Wonderboy is hitting every curve you:  throw at him.
Hades:	Oh yeah.. I wonder if maybe I haven't been throwing the right curves:  at him. Meg, my sweet.
Megara: Don't even go there.: 
Hades:	See, he's gotta have a weakness, because everybody's got a weakness:  I mean for what? Pandora, it was the box thing, for the Trojans, hey, they bet on the wrong horse, okay? We simply need to find out Wonderboy's.
Megara:	I've done my part. Get your little imps--: 
Hades:	They couldn't handle him as a baby. I need someone who can... handle:  him as a man.
Megara: Hey, I've sworn off manhandling.: 
Hades:	Well, you know, that's good because that's what got you into the jam:  in the first place, isn't it? You sold your soul to me to save your boyfriend's life. And how does this creep thank you? By running off with some babe. He hurt you real bad, didn't he, Meg? Huh?
Megara: Look, I learned my lesson, okay?: 
Hades:	Which is exactly why I got a feelin' you're gonna leap at my new:  offer. You give me the key to bringing down wonder breath and I
give you the thing that you crave most in the entire Cosmos::  your freedom.
Hercules: You should have been there, father! I mangled the minotaur, grappled:  with the Gorgon, Just like Phil told me, I analyzed the situation, controlled my strength and kicked! The crowds went wild! Thank you, thank you.
Zeus:	Hah! You're doin' great, son. You're doin' your old man proud.: 
Hercules: I am glad to hear you say that, father. I've been waiting for this:  day a long time.
Zeus:	Hmm.. What day is that, son?: 
Hercules: The day I rejoin the gods.: 
Zeus:	You've done wonderfully, you really have, my boy. You're just not there:  yet. You haven't proved yourself a true hero.
Hercules: But father, I've beaten every single monster I've come up against.:  I'm-I'm the most famous person in all of Greece. I'm-I'm an action figure!
Zeus:	I'm afraid being famous is not the same as being a true hero.: 
Hercules: What more can I do?: 
Zeus:	It's something you have to discover for yourself.: 
Hercules: But how can I--: 
Zeus:	Look inside your heart: 
Hercules: Father, wait!: 
Guide:	On your left is Hercules' villa. My next stop is the Pecs and Flex:  gift shop where you can pick up the Great Hero's 30-minute workout scroll "Buns of Bronze"
Phil:	At 1:00 you got a meeting with king Augeas. He's got a problem with:  his stables. I'd advise you not to wear your new sandals.
Hercules: Phil?: 
Artist: I told you, don't move!: 
Phil:	D.G.R., the Drughters of the Greek Revolution: 
Hercules: Phil?: 
Phil:	At 3:00 you gotta get a girdle from some amazons:  Hercules (dropping club and shield) Phil, what's the point?
Artist screams: That's it!: 
Phil:	Keep your toga on, pal: 
Phil:	What do you mean, "what's the point ?" You wanna go to Olympus, don't:  ya?
Hercules: Yeah, but this stuff doesn't seem to be getting me anywhere.: 
Phil (wiping the paint off his face with it): You can't give up now, I'm:  counting on ya
Hercules: I gave this everything I had.: 
Phil:	Listen to me, kid. I seen 'em all. And I am tellin' you - and this is:  the honest-to-Zeus truth - you got somethin' I never seen before
Hercules: Really?: 
Phil:	I can feel it right down to these stubby bowlegs of mine. There is:  nothin' you can't do, kid.
Fan girls: It's him!: 
Phil:	Hey, watch it! Watch it! watch--: 
Fan gils: I touched his elbow! I got his sweatband!: 
Hercules: Phil, help!: 
Phil:	Okay, escape plan beta: 
Hercules: Gotcha.: 
Fan girls: Hey! Where is he?: 
Phil:	There he goes! On the verranda!: 
Megara: Let's see, what could be behind curtain number one?: 
Hercules: Meg!: 
Megara: It's all right. The sea of raging hormones has ebbed.: 
Hercules: Gee, i-i-it's great to see you. I-I-I missed you.: 
Megara (dropping on a couch): So, this is what hgeroes do on their days off: 
Hercules: I am no hero...: 
Megara: Sure you are. Everybody in Greece thinks you're the greatest thing:  since they put the pocket in pita
Hercules (chuckles): I know. It's-it's crazy you know, I can't go anywhere:  without being mobbed, I mean--
Megara: Ah. You sound like you could use a break. Think your nanny goat would:  go berserk if you played hooky this afternoon?
Hercules: Oh gee. I-I don't know, uh, Phil's got the rest of the day pretty:  much booked.
Megara: Ah, Phil, Shmill.. Just follow me. Out the window, round the dumbbells,:  you lift up the back wall and we're gone.
Hercules: Wow. What a day. First that restaurant by the bay,: 
Megara: Mmm..: 
Hercules: and then that, that play, that, that Oedipus thing. Man! I thought:  I had problems.
Panic: 	Psst! Stop foolin' around!: 
Pain:	Yeah. Get the goods, sister.: 
Hercules: I didn't know that playing hooky could be so much fun.: 
Megara: Yeah. Niether did I.: 
Hercules: Thanks, Meg.: 
Megara: Oh.. Don't that me just yet. Oh!: 
Hercules: Oop, careful.: 
Megara: Sorry. Weak ankles.: 
Hercules: Oh yeah? Well, maybe you better sit down for a while.: 
Megara: So, uh, do you have any problems with things like.. this?: 
Hercules: Uh.....: 
Megara: Weak ankles, I mean.: 
Hercules: Oh. Uh, no. Not really.: 
Megara (moving closer to him): No weaknesses whatsoever? No trick knee?: 
Hercules: Uh--: 
Megara (moving even more close): Ruptured... disks?: 
Hercules: No. I'm I'm afraid I'm, uh.. fit as a fiddle.: 
Megara: Wonderboy, you are perfect.: 
Hercules: Thanks.:  Whoops.
Megara: It looks better that way. No, it really does.: 
Hercules: You know, when I was a kid I, I would have given anything to be:  exactly like everybody else.
Megara: You wanted to be petty and dishonest?: 
Hercules: Everybody's not like that.: 
Megara: Yes they are.: 
Hercules: You're not like that: 
Megara: How do you know what I'm like?: 
Hercules: All I know is.. You're the most amazing person with... weak ankles:  I've ever met. Meg, when I'm with you I-I don't feel so... alone.
Megara: Sometimes it's better to be alone.: 
Hercules: What do you mean?: 
Megara: Nobody can hurt you.: 
Hercules: Meg? I would never ever hurt you.: 
Megara: And I don't wanna hurt you, so... let's both do ourselves a favor and..:  stop this... um.. before... we--
Phil:	All right! Break it up! Break it up! Party's over! I been lookin' all:  over this town!
Megara: Calm down, mutton man! It was all my fault.: 
Phil:	You're already on my list, sister, so don't make it worse: 
Phil:	And as for you, ya bum, you're gonna go to the stadium and you're gonna:  be put through the workout of your life! Now get on the horse.
Hercules: Okay, okay: 
Megara: I'm sorry: 
Hercules: Ah, he'll get over it.: 
Phil:	Move! Move, move, move, move, move! Move!:  Hey, watch it, watch it! Whoo! Watch it! Keep your goo-goo eyes on the That's it. Next time, I drive.
Megara:	Oh. what's the matter with me? You'd think a girl would learn.:  If there's a prize for rotten judgement I guess I've already won that No man is worth the aggravation That's ancient history been there, done that.
Muses:	Who d'ya think you're kidding? He's the Earth and Heaven to you:  Try to keep it hidden, honey, we can see right through you
Megara:		Oh, No: 
Muses:	Girl, you can't conceal it:  We know how you feel and Who you're thinkin' of
Megara:		Oh-no, no chance, no way, I won't say it, no, no: 
Muses:	You swoon, you sigh, why deny it, uh-oh?: 
Megara:		It's too cliche, I won't say I'm in love: 
Muses:	Shoo-doo, shoo-doo, oo-oo-oo: 
Megara:		I thought my heart had learned its lesson:  It feels so good when you start out
Muses:	Ahhh..: 
Megara:		My head is screaming get a grip, girl:  Unless you're dyin' to cry your heart, oh
Muses:	You keep on denying:  Who you are and how you're feelin' Baby we're not buyin' hon, We saw you hit the ceilin' Face it like a grownup, when you gonna own up that you Got Got Got it bad
Megara:		Oh, no chance, no way, I won't say it, no, no: 
Muses:	Give up, but give in,:  Check the grin, you're in love
Megara:		This scene won't play, I won't say I'm in love: 
Muses:	You're doing flips, read our lips, you're in love:  shoo-doo, shoo-doo
Megara:		You're way off base, I won't say I'm it: 
Muses:	She won't say in love: 
Megara:		Get off my case, I won't say it: 
Muses:	Girl, don't be proud, it's okay, you're in love: 
Megara: 	Oh.. At least at loud I won't say I'm in love...: 
Muses:	Shoo-doo, shoo-doo, shoo-doo, shoo-doo:  Sha-la-la-la-la-la-la Haaa
Hades:	Hey, what's the buzz, huh, Meg? What is the weak link in the:  Wonderboy's chain?
Megara: Get yourself another girl, I'm through.: 
Hades:	I'm sorry. Do you mind runnin' that by me again? I must have had a:  chunk of brimstone wedged in my ear or something.
Megara: Then read my lips! Forget it!: 
Hades:	Meg, Meg, Meg, my sweet deluded little minion. Aren't we forgetting one:  teensy-weensy, but ever so crucial little, tiny detail? I own you!
Phil:	Oh. I got another horn here..: 
Hades (to Meg): You work for me!: 
Phil:	That kid's gonna be doin' laps for a month: 
Hades:	If I say, "sing", you say, "hey, name that tune":  If I say, "I want Wonderboy's head on a platter" you say--
Megara:	Medium or well done: 
Phil:	Oh! I knew that dame was trouble. This is gonna break the kid's heart.: 
Megara: I'll work on that.: 
Hades:	I'm sorry.. You hear that sound? That's the sound of your freedom:  fluttering out the window forever
Megara:	I don't care. I'm not gonna help you hurt him.: 
Hades:	I can't believe you're getting so worked up about some guy.: 
Megara: This one is different. He's honest, and-and he's sweet--: 
Hades:	Please!: 
Megara:	He would never do anything to hurt me.: 
Hades:	He's a guy!: 
Megara: Besides, oh, oneness, you can't beat him. He has no weaknesses, he's:  gonna--
Hades:	I think... he does, Meg. I truly think... he does.: 
Hercules: Ha-ha! Whoo-hoo!:  Hey, Phil! What happened to you?
Phil:	Kid, we gotta talk.: 
Hercules: Oh, Phil, I just had the greatest day of my life! I-I can't stop:  thinking about Meg. She's something else.
Phil:	Kid! I'm tryin' to talk to ya! Will you come down here and listen?: 
Hercules: Aw, how can I come down there when I'm feeling so up?: 
Pain:	Gotcha!: 
Phil:	Ah, very nice! What I'm trying to say is--: 
Hercules: That if it wasn't for you, I never would have met her. Oh, I owe ya:  big time. Little guy, I do.
Phil:	Will you just knock it off for a couple of seconds?: 
Hercules: Rule #38, Come on, Phil, keep them up there, huh? Phil, I got two: 
words for ya: Duck!: 
Phil:	Listen to me! She's--: 
Hercules: A dream come true?: 
Phil:	Not exactly: 
Hercules: More beautiful then Aphrodite?: 
Phil:	Aside from that!: 
Hercules: The most wonderful--: 
Phil:	She's a fraud!!! She's been playin' ya for a sap!: 
Hercules: Aw, come on. Stop kiddin' around: 
Phil:	I'm not kiddin' around.: 
Hercules: I know you're upset about today, but that's no reason to--: 
Phil:	Kid, you're missin' the point: 
Hercules: The point is - I love her.: 
Phil:	She don't love you: 
Hercules: You're crazy: 
Phil:	She's nothin' but a two-timin',: 
Hercules: Stop it!: 
Phil:	no-good, lyin', schemin'--: 
Hercules (hits Phil): Shut up!:  Phil, I-- Oh, I'm, I'm sorry
Phil:	Okay, okay, that's it. You won't face the truth? Fine.: 
Hercules: Phil, wait. Where you going?: 
Phil:	I'm hoppin' the first barge out of here. I'm goin' home.: 
Hercules: Fine! G-- Go! I don't-- I don't need you.: 
Phil:	I thought you were gonna be the all-time champ. Not the all-time chump.: 
Hades:	Geez Louise! What got his goat, huh? Baboom. Name is Hades, Lord of:  the Dead. Hi. How ya doin'?
Hercules: Not now, okay?: 
Hades:	Hey, hey, I only need a few seconds and I'm a fast talker, all right?:  See, I've got the major deal in the works. A real estate venture, if you will. And Herc, you little devil you, may I call you Herc? You seem to be constantly getting in the way of it.
Hercules: You've got the wrong guy.: 
Hades:	Hear me out, ya little-- heh-heh. Just-- hear me out, okay? So I would:  be eternally grateful if you would just... take a day off from this hero business of yours. Geez, I mean, monsters, natural disasters. Phew You wait a day, okay?
Hercules: You're out of your mind.: 
Hades:	Not so fast, because, ya see, I do have a little leverage... You might:  wanna know about.
Hercules: Meg!: 
Megara: Don't listen, Herc--: 
Hercules: Let her go!: 
Hades:	Here's the trade-off. You give up your strength for about 24 hours,:  okay? Say, the next 24 hours and Meg here is free as a bird and safe from harm. We dance, we kiss, we schmooze, we carry on, we go home happy. What d'ya say? Come on.
Hercules: People are, are gonna get hurt, aren't they?: 
Hades:	Nah! I mean, it's, you know, it's a possibility. It happens 'cause,:  you know, it's war, but what can I tell ya? Anyway, what do you owe these people, huh? Isn't Meg -- little smoochy face -- isn't she more important than they are?
Hercules: Stop it!: 
Hades:	Isn't she?: 
Hercules: You gonna swear she'll be safe from any harm: 
Hades:	Fine, okay, I'll give you that one. Meg is safe, otherwise you get:  your strength right back, yadda-yadda, fine print, boilerplate, baboom. Okay? We're done, what d'ya say we shake on it? Hey, I really don't have, like, time to bat this around. I'm kind of on a schedule here, I got plans for august. Okay? I need an answer, like, now. Going once, going twice
Hercules: All right!: 
Hades:	Yes, we're there! Bam!: 
Hades:	You may feel just a little queasy, it's kinda natural. Maybe you should:  sit down. Now you know how it feels to be just like everybody else. isn't it just peachy? Oh! You'll love this. One more thing. Meg, babe. A deal's a deal. You're off the hook. By the way, Herc. Is she not, like, a fabulous little actress?
Megara: Stop it.: 
Hercules: What do you mean?: 
Hades:	I mean your little chickie-poo here was working for me all the time.:  Duh.
Hercules: You're-- you're lying!: 
Panic as boy: Help! (coughs): 
Pain as bot: Jeepers, mister, you're really strong. (in normal voice) Ha-ha!: 
Hades:	Couldn't have done it without you, sugar, sweetheart, babe.: 
Megara:	No! It's not like that! I didn't mean to-- I-I couldn't-- I--:  I'm so sorry.
Pain and Panic:	Our hero's a zero! Our hero's a zero!: 
Hades:	Well, gotta blaze. There's a while cosmos up there waiting for me with,:  hey, my name on it. So much for the preliminaries, and now on to the main event!
Hades:	Brothers! Titans! Look at you in your squalid prison! Who put you:  down there?
Titans:	Zeus!: 
Hades:	And now that I set you free, what is the first thing you are going to:  do?
Titans:	Destroy him!: 
Hades:	Good answer: 
Lythos:	Crush Zeus!: 
Hydros:	Freeze him!: 
Pyros:	Melt Zeus!: 
Stratos: Blow him away!: 
Titans:	Zeus!: 
Hades: Uh, Guys? Olympus would be that way.: 
Lythos: Zeus!: 
Hydros: Freeze him!: 
Hades:	Hold it, bright eye: 
Cyclops: Huh?: 
Hades:	I have a special job for you, my optic friend: 
Hermes:	Ah. Huh?: 
Lythos: Destroy Zeus!: 
Hermes: Oh, we're in trouble! Oh, big trouble! I gotta--:  My Lord and Lady, the Titans have escaped. And they're practically at our gates!
Zeus:	Sound the alarm! Launch an immediate counterattack! Go! Go!: 
Hermes:	Gone, babe.: 
Areus:	Charge! On to battle!: 
Zeus (throwing lightnings at Lythos in vain): Yee-hah!: 
Mars (getting sucked in by Stratos): You windbag!: 
Hades (watching this): Boom, badda-boom, boom, boom! Hah!: 
Cyclops: Hercules! Where are you?: 
Tall woman: What can we do?: 
Fat man: Where's Hercules?: 
Old man: Yeah, Hercules'll save us.: 
Cyclops: Hercules! Come out! Face me!: 
Megara (to Hercules who starts going): What are you doing? WIthout your:  strength, you'll be killed.
Hercules: There are worse things.: 
Cyclops: Run!: 
Megara: Wait! stop!: 
Strong Man: Hey, look! It's Hercules.: 
Heavy Woman: Thank the gods, we're saved!: 
Cyclops: So, you mighty Hercules: 
Megara: Easy, horsefeathers. Whoa! Stop twitching, listen. Ah! Hercules is in:  trouble. We gotta find Phil, he's the only one who can talk some sense into him.
Zeus:	Get back, blast you!: 
Hades:	Ooh, chihuahua.: 
Lythos: Zeus!: 
Sailor:	Come on! Hurry up! We're shovin' off here!: 
Megara:	Phil! Phil, Hercules needs your help!: 
Phil:	What does he need me for when he's got friends like you?: 
Megara: He won't listen to me: 
Phil:	Good! He's finally learned something.: 
Megara: Look, I know what I did was wrong, but this isn't about me, it's:  about him. If you don't help him now, Phil, he'll die
Zeus:	I need more thunderbolts!: 
Hermes: Uh, Hephaestus has been captured, my Lord. Everyone's been captured,:  yah! I've been captured! Hey, hey! Watch the glasses.
Hades:	Zeusy, I'm home!: 
Zeus:	Hades, you're behind this!: 
Hades:	You are correct, sir!: 
Cyclops: Flea!: 
Phil:	Hercules!: 
Hercules: Phil..: 
Phil:	Come on, kid, come on. Fight back. Come on, you can take this bum,:  This guy's a pushover, look at him
Hercules: You were right all along, Phil. Dreams are for rookies.: 
Phil:	No, no, no, no, kid, givin' up is for rookies. I came back 'cause:  I'm not quittin' on ya. I'm willing to go the distance, how 'bout you?
Cyclops: Me bite off head!: 
Phil:	Whoa, baby!: 
Megara: Hercules! Look out!: 
Hercules: Meg! No!: 
Hercules: What's happening?: 
Megara: H-Hades' deal is broken. He promised I wouldn't get hurt.: 
Hercules: Meg. Why, why did you-- you didn't have to--: 
Megara: Oh. People always do crazy things... when they're in love.: 
Hercules: Oh, Meg. Meg, I-- I--: 
Megara: Are you... always this articulate? You, you haven't got much time.:  You can still stop Hades.
Phil:	I'll watch over her, kid.: 
Hercules: You're gonna be all right. I promise.:  Let's go Pegasus!
Pain:	Hup, two, three, four, come on, everybody! I can't hear you!: 
Hermes: Oh, oh!: 
Zeus (being frozen from one side and burnt from another): I swear to you,:  Hades, when I get out of this--
Hades:	I'm the one giving orders now, bolt boy. And I think I'm gonna like:  it here.
Hercules: Don't get too comfortable, Hades!: 
Areus:	Hercules!: 
Hercules: This oughta even the odds!: 
Hermes (hitting Pain and Panic): Yeah, Hercules! Thank you, man!: 
Hades:	Get them!: 
Hades:	Whoa! Hey! No! Get him, not me! Him!:  Follow the fingers! Him! The yutz with the horse!
Zeus:	Thank you, my boy.: 
Pain:	Nice horsey! My intentions were pure! I really was attracted to you.: 
Zeus (to Hepheastus): throw!:  Hah! Now watch your old man work!
Lythos: Uh-oh: 
Hades:	Guys, get your titanic rears in gears and kick some olympian butt!:  Whoa, is my hair out?
Zeus (high-fiving Hercules): Hah!: 
Hercules: Whoo-hoo!: 
Hades leaves: Thanks a ton, Wonderboy. But at least I've got one swell:  consolation prize -- a friend of yours who's dying to see me.
Hercules: Meg!: 
Hercules arrives to her: Meg. Meg, no.: 
Phil:	Oh, I'm sorry, kid. There's some things you just can't change.: 
Hercules: Yes I can.: 
Hades:	We were so close! So close. We tripped the finish line. Why?:  because our little nut, Meg, has to go all noble.
Hercules: Where's Meg?: 
Hades:	Oh, look who's here. Wonderboy, you are too much.: 
Hercules grips Hades: Let her go.: 
Hades:	Get a grip! Come here, come here. Let me show you around.:  Hmph. Well, well. It's a small underworld after all, huh?
Hercules: Meg! Ahhh!: 
Hades:	No, no, no. Mustn't touch.:  You see, Meg's running with a new crowd these days. And not a very lively one, at that.
Hercules: You like making deals. Take me in Meg's place.: 
Hades:	Oh, well. The son of my hated rival trapped forever in a river of:  death.
Hercules: Going once!: 
Hades:	Hmm. Is there a downside to this?: 
Hercules: Going twice!: 
Hades: Okay, okay, okay, okay. You get her out - she goes, you stay.:  Oh, you know what slipped my mind? You'll be dead before you can get to her. That's not a problem, is it?
Atropos: Oh?: 
Lachesis: What's the matter with these scissors?: 
Clotho:	The thread won't cut.: 
Hades:	This is-- this is impossible! You, you, you can't be alive!:  You'd have to be a, a--
Pain and Panic:	A god?: 
Hades:	Hercules, stop! You can't do this to me. You can't--:  Fine. okay. listen. Hah! Okay, well, I deserved that, Herc, Herc, Herc. Can we talk? Y-Your dad, he's a fun guy, right? So maybe you could put in a word with him and he'd kinda blow this whole thing off, you know? Meg, Meg, talk to him, a little schmooze-- Eew! Get away from me! Don't touch me! Get your slimy souls off me! Ooh, ah--
Panic:	He's not gonna be happy when he gets outta there.: 
Pain:	You mean, if he gets outta there.: 
Panic:	If. If is good.: 
Hades:	Taxi! I don't feel so good, I feel a little--: 
Megara:	Wonderboy, what-- why did you--: 
Hercules: Huh. People always do crazy things... when they are in love.: 
Phil:	Whoa! Hey, hey, hey! Whoo!: 
Areus:	Three cheers for the mighty Hercules!: 
Hermes:	Oh, Yeah! Flowers for everybody! Oh!: 
Hera:	Hercules, we're so proud of you.: 
Hercules: Mother.: 
Zeus:	Hah! Fine work, my boy! You've done it! You're a true hero.: 
Hera:	You were willing to give your life to rescue this young woman.: 
Zeus:	For a true hero isn't measured by the size of his strength, but:  by the strength of his heart. Now, at last, my son, you can come home.
Megara: Congratulations, Wonderboy. You'll make one heck of a god.: 
Hercules: Father, this is the moment I've always dreamed of. But...:  A life without Meg, even an immortal life, would be... empty. I-- I wish to stay on Earth with her. I finally know where I belong.
Hermes:	Hit it, ladies!: 
Muses sing::  Oh, gonna shout it from the mountaintops A star is born! It's the time for pulling out the stops A star is born! Honey, hit us with a hallelu That kid came shining through Girl, sing the song Come blow your horn A star is born! He's a hero who can please the crowd A star is born! Come on, everybody shout out loud A star is born! Just remember in the darkest hour, Within your hear's the power For makin' you A hero too So don't lose hope When you're forlorn Just keep your eyes Upon the skies Every night, A star is right in sight, A star is burning bright, A star is born A star is born Like a beacon in the cold dark night A star is born! Told ya everything would turn out right A star is born! Just when everything was all at sea The boy made history The bottom line Bottom line! He sure can shine He can shine! His rising sign is Capricorn He knew how to He had a clue Telling you A star is born! Here's a hero who can please the crowd A star is born! Come on, everybody shout out loud A star is born! Just remember in your darkest hour Within your heart's the power For making you A hero too A hero too So don't lose hope When you're forlorn No, no! Just keep your eyes Upon the skies Every night, A star is right in sight, A star is burning bright, A star is born! ========= I have often dreamed Of a far off place Where a hero's welcome Would be waiting for me Where the crowds will cheer When they see my face And a voice keeps sayin' This is where I meant to be I'll be there someday I can go the distance I will find my way If I can be strong I know every mile Will be worth my while When I go the distance I'll be right Where I Belong Down an unknown road You embrace my fears Though that road may wander It will lead me to you And a thousand years Would be worth the wait It might take a lifetime But somehow I'll see it through And I won't look back I can go the distance And I'll stay on track No, I won't accept defeat It's an uphill slope But I won't lose hope Till I go the distance and my journey Is complete Oh, yeah. But to look beyond the glory Is the hardest part For a hero's strength is measured By his heart Hooo Like a shooting star I will go the distance I will search the world I will face its harms I don't care how far I can go the distance Till I find my hero's welcome Waiting in Your arms I will search the world I will face its harms Till I find my hero's welcome Waiting in Your arms
Hades::  What do you say? It's happy ending time! Everybody's got a little taste of somethin' but me. I got nothin'. I am here with nothin'. Anybody listenin'? It's like I'm-- what am I, an echo or something? Hello? Hello? Am I talking to, what? Hyperspace? Hello, it's me. Nobody listens. CLOSING TITLES
