Miss Montez: Gabby, it's New Years Eve. Enough reading.
Gabriella: Oh but, Mom, I'm almost done.
Miss Montez: The teen party? I've laid out your best clothes. Come get ready.
Gabriella: Can I have my book back?
Gabriella: Thank you.
Miss Montez: Come on.
Coach Bolton: (bounces ball to Troy) Keep working left, Troy. Got a guard in the championship game we're expectin'. You'll torch 'em!
Troy: By going left?
Coach Bolton: Yeah. He looks middle, you take it downtown.
Troy: OK, like this?
Coach Bolton: Whoo! That's it man. Sweet. I wanna see that in the game.
Mrs. Bolton: Boys? TroyOh you'll see that in the game, don't worry about me.
Mrs. Bolton: Did we really fly all this way to play more basketball?
Mrs. Bolton: It's the last night of vacation. The party, remember?
Coach Bolton: Right, the party. The party. New Years Eve.
Mrs. Bolton: Troy, they have a kids party downstairs in the Freestyle club.
Troy: Kid's party?
Mrs. Bolton: Young adults. Now go, shower up.
Troy: Come on, one more.
Troy: Last one.
Coach Bolton: Real quick.
Troy: There we go. That's the way to end it.
Partygoer: Howdy, ma'am.
Host: All right! How about that for a couple of snowboaders?
Host: Yeah! Who's gonna rock the house next? Huh?
Host: Ha-ha! Ho-Ho!
Troy: I can't sing. No, you go.
Host: And you! Yeah, come on.
Troy: Look I don't sing. I can't sing. No, guys...
Partygoer: Get up there!
Host: Hey you know what? Someday you guys might thank me for this.
Host: Or not. "Start Of Something New"
Troy: Troy.
Gabriella: Gabriella.
Troy: But seriously, you have an amazing voice. You're a singer right?
Gabriella: Just church choir is all. I tried to do a solo and nearly fainted.
Troy: Really? Why is that?
Gabriella: I took one look at all the people staring at me and next thing I knew I was staring at the ceiling. End of solo career.
Troy: Well with the way you sang tonight, that's pretty hard to believe.
Gabriella: Well that was the first time I did that. I mean, it was so cool!
Troy: I know! Completely!
Gabriella: Well you sounded like you've sung alot, too.
Troy: Yeah sure. My showerhead is very impressed with me.
Crowd: 9, 8, 7...6, 5, 4...3, 2, 1!
Gabriella: I guess I better go find my mom and wish her a happy new year.
Troy: Yeah, me too. I mean, not your mom. My mom... and dad. Uh... I'll call you. I'll call you tomorrow.
Gabriella: Yeah!
Troy: Here, put your number in.
Troy: Here.
Gabriella: You too.
Troy: There you go.
Troy: Just so you know, singing with you is the most fun I've had on this entire vacation. So um... where do you live?
Troy: Gabriella. One Week Later Albuquerque, New Mexico "Wildcats Sing Along"
Chad: Troy! How ya doing, man?
Troy: Hey, Chad, what's up? Hey, guys, happy new year.
Chad: Yeah. It's a happy Wildcat new year!
Teammate: You're the man!
Chad: In two weeks we're going to the championships with you leading us to infinity and beyond.
Kid: Ooh! Whoo-hoo!
Zeke: The ice princess returned from the North Pole.
Chad: You know, she probably spent the holidays the way she always does.
Troy: How's that?
Chad: Shopping for mirrors.
Taylor: Ugh, behold the zoo animals heralding the new year. How tribal
Gabriella: Mom, my stomach...
Miss Montez: Is always nervous on first day at a new school. You'll do great. You always do, and I made my company promise that I can't be transferred again until you graduate.
Principal Matsui: I reviewed your impressive transcripts. I expect your light will shine very brightly here at East High.
Gabriella: I don't wanna be the school's freaky genius girl again.
Miss Montez: Just be Gabriella.
Principal Matsui: This way.
Classmates: Troy! Troy! Hey! How's it going? How are you?
Gabriella: Miss Darbus?
Jason: (to Troy) So, do you remember the night before?
Troy: No, not at all. All I remember is like, pink jelly. I...
Gabriella: Excuse me.
Troy: (not paying attention) Hi.
Miss Darbus: I trust you all had splendid holidays. Check the sign-up sheets in the lobby for new activities, Mr. Bolton.
Miss Darbus: Especially our winter musicale. We will have singles auditions...
Chad: (to Troy) You OK?
Troy: Yeah.
Miss Darbus: ...for our supporting roles and pairs auditions for our two leads.
Chad: Pfft.
Miss Darbus: Mr. Danforth, this is a place of learning, not a hockey arena.
Miss Darbus: There is also a final sign-up sheet for next week's scholastic decathlon competition. Chem Club president Taylor McKessie can answer all of your questions about that.
Miss Darbus: Ah, the cell phone menace has returned to our crucible of learning.
Sharpay: (to Ryan) Is it our phone?
Miss Darbus: Sharpay and Ryan, cell phones.
Miss Darbus: I will see you in detention.
Sharpay: Ahh.
Miss Darbus: We have zero tolerance for cell phones in class, so we will get to know each other in detention. Cell phone.
Miss Darbus: And welcome to East High, Miss Montez.
Miss Darbus: Mr. Bolton I see your phone is involved. So we will see you in detention as well.
Chad: That's not even a possibility Miss Darbus. Your Honor, see 'cause we have basketball practice, and Troy...
Miss Darbus: Ah, that will be 15 minutes for you too, Mr. Danforth. Count 'em.
Taylor: That could be tough for Chad, since he probably can't count that high.
Miss Darbus: Taylor McKessie, 15 minutes.
Miss Darbus: Shall the carnage continue? Holidays are over, people Way over! Now any more comments, questions?
Miss Darbus: Jason.
Jason: So how were your holidays Miss Darbus?
Jason: What?
Chad: Sorry, man. See you in detention.
Troy: Oh, see you later. It's all good.
Jason: Uhh, she's crazy.
Troy: Hey!
Gabriella: I don't...
Troy: Believe it.
Gabriella: Well me...
Troy: Either. But how?
Gabriella: Well my mom's company transferred her here to Albuquerque.I can't believe you live here. I looked for you at the lodge on New Years Day.
Troy: (whispering) I know, but we had to leave first thing.
Gabriella: Why are you whispering?
Troy: What? Oh, uh... well my friends know about the snowboarding. Um, I haven't quite told them about the singing thing.
Student: (to Troy) Hey, what's up?
Troy: Hey.
Gabriella: Too much for them to handle?
Troy: No, it was cool. But, you know, my friends, it's uh... it's not what I do. That was, like,a different person.
Troy: So, uh... anyway, welcome to East High. Oh, now that you've met Miss Darbus, I bet you just can't wait to sign up for that.
Gabriella: I won' be signing up for anything for awhile. I just wanna get to know the school. But if you sign up, I'd consider coming to the show.
Troy: Yeah, yeah. That's completey impossible.
Sharpay: What's impossible, Troy? I wouldn't think impossible is even in your vocabulary.
Sharpay: Oh, so nice of you to show our new classmate around.
Sharpay: Oh, were you gonna sign up too? My brother and I have starred in all the school's productions and we really welcome newcomers. There are alot of supporting roles in the show. I'm sure we could find something for you.
Gabriella: No, no, no. I was just looking at all the bulletin boards. Lots going on at this school. Wow.
Gabriella: Nice penmanship.
Sharpay: So, Troy. I missed you during vacation. What'd you do?
Troy: You know, um... played basketball, snowboarding, more basketball.
Sharpay: When's the big game?
Troy: Uh, two weeks.
Sharpay: You are so dedicated. Just like me. I hope you come watch me in the musical. Promise?
Sharpay: Toodles!
Troy: (in a whisper) Toodles.
Troy: So,dude, you know that school musical thing? Is it true you get extra credit just for auditioning?
Chad: Who cares?
Troy: You know it's always good to get extra credit... for college...
Chad: You ever think that Lebron James or Shaquille O'Neal auditioned for their school musical?
Troy: Maybe.
Chad: Troy. Look, the music in those shows isn't hip hop, ok or rock, or anything essential to culture. It's like show music. It's all costumes and makeup... Oh, dude, it's frightening.
Troy: Yeah, I know. I just thought it might be a good laugh, you know. Sharpay's kinda cute, too
Chad: So is a mountain lion. But you don't pet it.
Troy: (sighs) All right Wildcats! Pair up! Let's go! Come on! "Getcha Head In The Game"
Sharpay: So, it seemed like you knew Troy Bolton.
Gabriella: Not really. He was just showing me around.
Sharpay:(laughs) Well, Troy doesn't usually interact with new students.
Gabriella: (glancing at the chalkboard) Uh, why not?
Sharpay: Well, it's pretty much basketball 24/7 with him.
Gabriella: That should be 16 over pi...
Teacher: Yes, Miss Montez?
Gabriella: Oh, I'm sorry, I just... Uh... Shouldn't the second equation read 16 over pi?
Teacher: 16 over pi? Tha's quite impossible.
Teacher: I stand corrected.
Teacher: Oh... and welcome aboard.
Ryan: Troy Bolton was looking at our audition list.
Sharpay: Again? You know, he was hanging around with that new girl and they were both looking at the list. There's something freaky about her. Where did she say she was from?
Ryan: (on seeing an article about Gabriella) Wow! An Einsteinette. So why do you think she's interested in our musical?
Sharpay: I'm not sure that she is. And we needn't concern ourselves with amateurs. But... there is no harm in making certain that Gabriella's welcome to school activities that are... well , appropriate for her. After all... she loves pi. Detention Darbus Style
Miss Darbus: Gold! More gold!
Miss Darbus: Paint, paint! Let's go!
Taylor: (to Gabriella) The answer is yes!
Gabriella: Huh?
Taylor: Our scholastic decathlon team has it's first competition next week, and there is certainly a spot for you.
Gabriella: (noticing the printouts in Taylor's hand) Where did those come from?
Taylor: Didn't you put them in my locker?
Gabriella: Of course not.
Taylor: Oh, well, we'd love to have you on our team. We meet almost everyday after school. Please?
Gabriella: I need to catch up on the curriculum here before I think about joining any clubs.
Sharpay: Well, what a perfect way to get caught up. Meeting with the smartest kids in school. What a generous offer, Taylor.
Miss Darbus: So many new faces in detention today. I hope you don't make a habit of it, but the drama club could always use an extra hand. And while we are working, let us probe the mounting evils of cell phones.
Coach Bolton: Come on guys, huddle up! We got two weeks to the big game.
Coach Bolton: Where's Troy and Chad?
Coach Bolton: Don't make me ask again.
Coach Bolton: WHERE'S TROY AND CHAD?!
Miss Darbus: Perhaps the most heinous example of cell phone abuse is ringing in the theater. What temerity! The theater is a temple of art. A precious cornucopia of creative energy.
Coach Bolton: Where's my team, Darbus?
Coach Bolton: What the heck are those two doing in a tree?
Miss Darbus: It's called crime and punishment, Bolton. Besides, proximity to the arts is cleansing for the soul.
Coach Bolton: (to Miss Darbus) Can we have a talk, please? (to Troy and Chad) And you two, in the gym, now!
Coach Bolton: If they have to paint sets for detention, they could do it tonight, not during my practice.
Miss Darbus: If these were theater performers instead of athletes, would you seek special treatment?
Coach Bolton: Darbus, we are days away from our biggest game of the year.
Miss Darbus: And we, Bolton, are in the midst of our auditions for our winter musicale as well! This school is about more than just young men in baggy shorts flinging balls for touchdowns!
Coach Bolton: Baskets! They shoot baskets.
Principal Matsui: Stop! Guys listen, you've been having this arguement since the day you both started teaching here. We are one school, one student body, ONE FACULTY! Can we not agree on that?
Principal Matsui: So, Coach, how's the team lookin'? Troy got 'em whipped into shape?
Miss Darbus: Oh!
Coach Bolton: West High Knights have knocked us out of the playoffs three years running, and now we are one game away from taking that championship right back from 'em! It's time to make our stand. The team is you. You are the team. And this team does not exist unless each and every one of you is fully focused on our goal. Am I clear?
Chad: Hey, what team?!
All: Wildats!
Chad: What team?
All: Wildcats!
Chad: What team?
All: Wildcats!
Chad: Wildcats!
All: GET YOUR HEAD IN THE GAME!
Taylor: We've never made it past the first round of the scholastic decathlon. You could be our answered prayer.
Gabriella: I'm gonna focus on my studies this semester and help my mom get the new house organized. Maybe next year.
Taylor: But...
Gabriella: What do you know about Troy Bolton?
Taylor: Troy? Hmm... I wouldn't consider myself an expert on that particular sub-species, however, unless you speak cheerleader, as in (to the group of cheeleaders they just walked up behind) Oh, my gosh! Isn't Troy Bolton just the hottie super-bomb?
Cheerleaders: Oh, he's beautiful.
Taylor: Ha-ha. See what I mean?
Gabriella: I guess I don't know how to speak cheerleader.
Taylor: Which is why we exist in an alternate universe to Troy the basketball boy.
Gabriella: Well, have you tried to get to know him?
Taylor: Watch how it works in the cafeteria tomorrow when you have lunch with us. Unless you'd rather sit with the cheerleaders and discuss the importance of firm nail beds.
Gabriella: (holds up hands) My nail beds are history.
Taylor: (puts up her hands) Sister!
Coach Bolton: I still don't understand this whole detention thing.
Troy: It was my fault. Sorry, Dad.
Coach Bolton: Cross court. You know Darbus will take any oppourtunity to bust my chops. That includes yours too.
Troy: Hey, Dad? Did you ever think about trying something new, but were afraid of what your friends might think?
Coach Bolton: You mean like, going left? You're doing fine. Come on.
Troy: Well... no. I mean what if you wanna try something really new and it's a total disaster and all your friends laugh at you.
Coach Bolton: Well then, maybe they're not really your friends. And that was my whole point about team today. You guys gotta look out for each other, and you're the leader.
Troy: Dad, I'm not talking...
Coach Bolton: There's gonna be college scouts at our game next week, Troy. Know what a scholarship is worth these days?
Troy: (nods his head in defeat) A lot.
Coach Bolton: Yeah. Focus. Troy, come on.
Coach Bolton: Whoo!
Sharpay: Just something for you.
Miss Darbus: Well, I expect we all learned our homeroom manners yesterday, people, correct? If not, we have some dressing rooms that need painting.
Miss Darbus: Now, a few announcements. This morning during free period will be your chance for the musicale auditions, both singles and pairs.
Miss Darbus: I will be in the theater until noon for those of you bold enough to extend the wingspan of your creative spirit.
Chad: (to Troy) What time is she due back on the mothership?
Miss Darbus: Now today, we are going to discuss the importance of Shakespeare...
Chad: Yo! What's up, man?
Troy: What's up?
Chad: Hey, so, um, the whole team's hitting the gym during free period. What do you want to have us run?
Troy: Uh, dude, you know what, I can't make it. I gotta catch up on some homework.
Chad: What? Hello, it's only the second day back. I'm not even behind on homework yet. And you know, I've been behind on homework since preschool.
Troy: That's hilarious. I'll catch you later.
Chad: Homework? There's no way.
Student: Hey, how's it going?
Troy: Just hanging.
Student: Good to see you.
Chad: What's he doing?
Student: (Shakes Chad's hand while giving Troy the distraction he needed to get away) How's it going, man?
Troy: (to mechanic) Short-cut
Troy: I'm late for class.
Boy: That's good, just leave it here.
Miss Darbus: This is where the true expression of the artist is realized. Where inner truth is revealed through the actor's journey...(bell rings) Was that a cell phone?
Audience Member: Is it mine?
Kelsi: No, ma'am. That was the warning bell.
Miss Darbus: Ah! Those wishing to audition must understand that time is of the essence. We have many roles to cast and final callbacks will be next week.
Miss Darbus: First, you will sing a few bars and I will give you a sense of whether or not the theater is your calling. Better to hear it from me now than from your friends later. Our composer, Kelsi Nielson, will accompany you and be available for rehearsals prior to callbacks. Shall we?
First singer: That you were always right beside me This feeling's like no other
Miss Darbus: Uh-huh. Yes, thank you. Next.
Alan: That I couldn't sneeze... see
Miss Darbus: Alan, I admire your pluck. As to your singing... That's a wonderful tie you're wearing. Next!
Third singer: That you were(winks at Miss Darbus) always right beside me This feeling's like no other I want you to (winks at Miss Darbus again) know
Miss Darbus: Uh... stop.
Cindra:
Miss Darbus: Ah... Cindra. What courage to pursue a note that has not been accessed in the natural world. Bravo! Brava! Perhaps the spring musicale.
Disturbed Girl: (spoken) It's hard to believe that I could not see
Disturbed Boy: Couldn't see
Disturbed Girl: That you were always right beside me
Disturbed Boy: Beside me
Disturbed Girl: Thought I was alone
Disturbed Boy: Alone
Disturbed Girl: With no one to hold
Disturbed Boy: To hold
Disturbed Girl: But you were right beside me
Disturbed Boy: Beside me
Miss Darbus: Well, that was just... very disturbing. Go see a counselor. Uhh. Next!
Gabriella: Hey! So you decided to sign up for something?
Troy: Uh... No. You?
Gabriella: No. Um... why are you hiding behind a mop? Your friends don't know you're here, right?
Troy: Right.
Miss Darbus: Thank you. Next.
Troy: Um... Miss Darbus is a little... harsh.
Gabriella: The Wildcat superstar's afraid? TroyNo! No, I'm not afraid, I... I'm just... scared.
Gabriella: Me too... usually.
Miss Darbus: And for the lead roles of Arnold and Minnie we only have one couple signed up.(Troy and Gabriella both hide behind the cart) Sharpay and Ryan. I think it might be useful for you to give us a sense of why we gather in this hallowed hall.
Kelsi: (to Ryan) What key?
Ryan: Oh, we had our rehearsal pianist do an arrangement.
Kelsi: (in defeat) Oh.
Sharpay: Go! *What I've Been Looking For Reprise*
Sharpay: (to Ryan as the song ends) I told you not to do the jazz squares.
Ryan: It's a crowd favorite. Everybody loves a good jazz square
Miss Darbus: Well... (Troy and Gabriella hide) Are there any last minute sign-ups?
Ryan: Don't be discouraged. The theater club needs more than just singers. It needs fans too. Buy tickets!
Kelsi: (to Sharpay) Oh, actually, if you do the part with that particular song, I imagined it much slower...
Sharpay: If we do the part? Kelsi, my sawed-off Sondheim, I've been in 17 school productions. And how many times have your compositions been selected?
Kelsi: This would be the first.
Sharpay: Which tells us what?
Kelsi: That I need to write you more solos?
Sharpay: No. It tells us that you do not offer direction, suggestion, or commentary. And you should be thankful that me and Ryan are here to lift your music out of it's current obscurity. Are we clear?
Kelsi: Yes ma'am. I mean, Sharpay.
Sharpay: (puts on a sickly sweet grin) Nice talking to you.
Miss Darbus: Any last-minute sign-ups?
Troy: (quietly, to Gabriella) We should go.
Miss Darbus: No? Good. Done.
Gabriella: I'd like to audition, Miss Darbus.
Miss Darbus: Timeliness means something in the world of theater, young lady. The individual auditions are long, long over and there are simply no other pairs.
Troy: (from his hiding spot) I'll sing with her.
Miss Darbus: Troy Bolton? Where is your sports posse or whatever it's called?
Troy: Team.
Miss Darbus: Ah.
Troy: Um, but I'm here alone. Actually I came to sing with her.
Miss Darbus: Yes, well, we take these shows very seriously here at East High. I called for the pairs audition, and you didn't respond. Free period is now over.
Troy: (about Gabriella) She has an amazing voice.
Miss Darbus: Perhaps the next musicale.
Troy: (to Kelsi) So, you're a composer?
Troy: You wrote the song Ryan and Sharpay just sang? And the entire show?
Troy: Well, that's really cool. I, uh, can't wait to hear the rest of the show.
Troy: So, why are you so afraid of Ryan and Sharpay? I mean, it is your show.
Kelsi: It is?
Troy: Isn't the composer of a show kinda like the playmaker in basketball?
Kelsi: Playmaker?
Troy: You know, the one who makes everyone else look good. I mean, without you there is no show. You're the playmaker here Kelsi.
Kelsi: (beaming at Troy) I am?
Kelsi: Do you wanna hear how the duet's supposed to sound? *What I've Been Looking For*
Troy: Wow. That's nice.
Miss Darbus: (out of nowhere) Bolton, Montez - you have a callback. Kelsi, give them the duet from the second act. Work on it with them.
Kelsi: All right. If you guys wanna rehearse, I'm usually here during free period and after school, and even sometimes during biology class. You can come and rehearse anytime. Or you can come to my house for breakfast. I have a piano, we can rehearse there. After school, before school - whatever works. After basketball class...
Troy: What?
Ryan: "Callback for roles Arnold and Minnie next Thursday, 3:30pm. Ryan and Sharpay Evans, Gabriella Montez and Troy Bolton."
Sharpay: Is this some kind of joke? They didn't even audition!
Ryan: Maybe we're being punked?
Sharpay: What?
Ryan: Maybe we're being filmed right now. Maybe we'll get to meet Ashton!
Sharpay: Oh, shut up, Ryan!
Chad: (laughing) What's wrong?
Chad: What?
Sharpay: Uhh!
Sharpay: How dare she sign up! I've already picked out the colors for my dressing room.
Ryan: And she hasn't even asked our permission to join the drama club.
Sharpay: Someone's gotta tell her the rules.
Ryan: Exactly. (pauses) And what are the rules?
Sharpay: (frustratedly) Ohh! *Stick To The Status Quo*
Sharpay: Aah!
Gabriella: I am so sorry.
Chad: (to Troy) You do not want to get into that, man. Too much drama.
Troy: Yeah.
Miss Darbus: What is going on here?
Sharpay: Look at this! That Gabriella girl just dumped her lunch on me. On purpose! It's all part of their plan to ruin our musical. And Troy and his basketball robots are obviously behind it. Why do you think he auditioned? After all the hard work you've put into this show. It just doesn't seem right.
Troy: (to Chad) What's up?
Chad: What's up? Oh, let's see... Umm, you missed free-period workout yesterday to audition for some heinous musical. And now suddenly people are... confessing.
Chad: Yeah, and Zeke. Zeke is baking,,, creme brulee.
Troy: Ah, what's that?
Zeke: (excitedly) Oh, it's a creamy custard-like filling with a carmelized surface. It's really satisfying.
Chad: Shut up, Zeke!
Chad: Look... do you see what's happening here, man? Our team is coming apart because of your singing thing. Even the drama geeks and the brainiacs suddenly think that they can... talk to us.
Chad: Look, the skater dudes are mingling.
Skater dudes: Yo!
Chad: Suddenly people think that they can do other stuff. Stuff that is not their stuff. They've got you thinking about show tunes, when we've got a playoff game next week.
Boy: Whoa!
Miss Darbus: Ooh!
Boy: Head's up!
Miss Darbus: Alright Bolton. Cards on the table right now.
Coach Bolton: Huh?
Miss Darbus: You're tweaked because I put your stars in detention and now you're getting even.
Coach Bolton: What are you talking about, Darbus?
Miss Darbus: Your all-star son turned up at my audition. Now, I give every student an even chance, which is a long and honorable tradition in the theater. Something you wouldn't understand. But, if he is planning sort of a practical joke in my chapel of the arts...
Coach Bolton: Troy doesn't even sing.
Miss Darbus: Oh, well, you're wrong about that. But I will not allow my Twinkle Town musicale to be made into farce.
Coach Bolton: (mockingly) Twinkle Town?
Miss Darbus: See? I knew it.
Coach Bolton: Hey...
Miss Darbus: I knew it!
Coach Bolton: Sounds like a winner. Good luck on Broadway!
Gabriella: Is Sharpay really, really mad at me? I said I was sorry.
Taylor: Look, no one has beaten out Sharpay for a musical since kindergarten.
Gabriella: I wasn't trying to beat anyone out. We didn't even audition, we were just singing.
Taylor: You won't convince Sharpay of that. I'm telling you, if that girl could figure out a way to play both Romeo and Juliet her own brother would be aced out of a job.
Gabriella: I told you it just happened, but I liked it. A lot. Did you ever feel like there's this whole other person inside of you just looking for a way to come out?
Taylor: Not really, no.
Taylor: Let's go.
Zeke: Hey, Sharpay, I thought that since Troy Bolton's gonna be in your show...
Sharpay: (holding her finger up) Troy Bolton is not in my show.
Zeke: OK, umm... well, I just thought maybe you could watch me play ball sometime or something.
Sharpay: I'd rather stick pins in my eyes.
Zeke: Wouldn't that be awfully uncomfortable?
Sharpay: (with venom) Evaporate, tall person!
Zeke: (calling after her) I bake! If that helps.
Gabriella: Wow! It's like a jungle up here.
Troy: Yeah, just like that cafeteria.
Gabriella: Where I just humiliated myself into the next century.
Troy: No! Come on.
Gabriella: So this is your private hideout?
Troy: Yeah. Thanks to the science club. Which means that my buddies don't even know it exists.
Gabriella: You pretty much have the school wired, don't you Troy? Seems to me like everyone on campus wants to be your friend.
Troy: Unless we lose.
Gabriella: I'm sure it's tricky being the coach's son.
Troy: Makes me practice a little harder, I guess. I don't know what he's gonna say when he finds out about the singing.
Gabriella: You worried?
Troy: My parents friends are always saying, "Your son's the basketball guy. You must be so proud." Sometimes I don't wanna be the "basketball guy." I just wanna be a guy. You know?
Gabriella: I saw the way you treated Kelsi at the audition yesterday. Do your friends know that guy?
Troy: To them, I'm the playmaker dude.
Gabriella: Then they don't know enough about you, Troy. At my other schools I was the freaky math girl. It's cool coming here and being anyone I wanna be. When I was singing with you I just felt like... a girl.
Troy: You even look like one, too.
Gabriella: Do you remember in kindergarten how you'd meet a kid and know nothing about them, then ten seconds later you're playing like you're best friends because you didn't have to be anything but yourself.
Troy: Yeah.
Gabriella: Singing with you felt like that.
Troy: Well, um... I never thought about singing. That's for sure. Till you.
Gabriella: So you really wanna do the callbacks?
Troy: Hey, just call me me freaky callback boy.
Gabriella: (giggling) You're a cool guy, Troy. But not for the reasons your friends think. And thanks for showing me your top-secret hiding place. Like kindergarten.
Coach Bolton: (blows his whistle while running a drill) Let's go, guys! Make it sharp! To the chest, come on! Pop it! Come on, guys. Step with it! Let's go! (gets over to Chad) Come on, move it! Let's go! Come on guys, focus! Focus! Get your head in the game! Move it! (gets to Jason and takes the ball) You seen Troy?
Jason: (nervously) No... Coach.
Coach Bolton: (blows whistle) Again, let's go!
Coach Bolton: That's it, guys. Let's hit the showers. (to a teammate) Good hustle. Let's see that in the game.
Troy: I, uh... think I'm gonna stay a while. Work on some free throws.
Coach Bolton: Well, since you missed practice, I think your team deserves a little effort from you today.
Gabriella: Wow. So this is your real stage.
Troy: (chuckles at Gabriella's wording) Yeah. I guess you could call it that. Or just a smelly gym.
Troy: Whoa! Don't tell me your good at hoops, too.
Gabriella: You know, I once scored 41 points on a league championship game.
Troy: No way.
Gabriella: Mm-hm. Yeah, and in the same day, I invented the space shuttle and microwave popcorn.
Troy: Oh! Microwave popcorn. Ha-ha. Funny.
Gabriella: I've been rehearsing with Kelsi.
Troy: Me, too. And, um, by the way, I missed practice. So if I get kicked off the team it should be on your conscience.
Gabriella: (getting a bit defensive) Hey, I wasn't the one who told you to sing...
Troy: (becoming playful) Gabriella, chill.
Troy: (as Gabriella takes the ball away) Hey, that's traveling. (door opens) No that's really bad traveling.
Gabriella: What? What?
Coach Bolton: Miss! I'm sorry, this is a closed practice.
Troy: (taken aback by his father) Dad, come on, practice is over.
Coach Bolton: Not till the last player leaves the gym. Team rule.
Gabriella: Oh, I'm sorry, sir.
Troy: Um, Dad, this is Gabriella Montez.
Coach Bolton: (rudely) Ah, your detention buddy.
Gabriella: I'll see you later, Troy. Nice meeting you, Coach Bolton.
Coach Bolton: (calling after her in a montone voice) You as well, Miss Montez.
Troy: Dad, detention was my fault, not hers.
Coach Bolton: You haven't missed practice in three years. That girl shows up...
Troy: That girl is named Gabriella. And she's very nice.
Coach Bolton: Well, helping you miss practice doesn't make her very nice. Not in my book. Or your team's.
Troy: (raising his voice) Dad, she's not a problem. She's just a girl.
Coach Bolton: (shouting) But you're not just a guy, Troy. (softly) You're the team leader. What you do effects not only this team, but the entire school. And without you completely focused, we're not gonna win next week.The championship games - they don't come along all the time. They're something special.
Troy: Yeah, well a lot of things are special, Dad.
Coach Bolton: But you're a playmaker... not a singer, right?
Troy: Did you ever think maybe I could be both?
Jason: What?
Chad: Let's go.
Chad: What spell has this elevated-IQ temptress girl cast that suddenly makes you wanna be in a musical?
Troy: Look, I just did it. Who cares?
Chad: Who cares? How about your most loyal best friend?
Miss Falsaff: Quiet in here, Mr. Danforth.
Chad: (feigning innocence) It's him Miss Falsaff, not me.
Chad: (to Troy) Look, (spins his basketball on his finger) you're a hoops dude, not a musical singer person.
Chad: Have you ever seen Michael Crawford on a cereal box?
Troy: Who's Michael Crawford?
Chad: Exactly my point. He was the Phantom of the Opera on Broadway. Now my mom has seen that musical 27 times, and put Michael Crawford's picture in our refrigerator. Yeah, not on it, in it. So my point is, if you play basketball, you're gonna end up on a cereal box. If you sing in musicals, you'll end up in my mom's refrigerator.
Troy: Why would she put his picture in her refrigerator?
Chad: One of her crazy diet ideas. Look, I, I don't attempt to understand the female mind, Troy.
Chad: It's frightening territory. How can you expect the rest of us to be focused on a game if you're off somewhere in leotards singing "Twinkle Town"?
Troy: No one said anything about leotards.
Chad: Not yet, my friend, but just you wait. Look, we need you Captain. Big time.
Miss Falsaff: Mr. Danforth.
Chad: I tried to tell him, Miss Falsaff. (to Troy) Really tried.
Sharpay: Something isn't right.
Chad: (to Taylor) Hey, look. We need to talk.
Taylor: Go.
Ryan: They must be trying to figure out a way to make sure Troy and Gabriella actually beat us out. Now, the jocks rule most of the school, but if they get Troy into the musical, then they've conquered the entire student body.
Sharpay: And if those science girls get Gabriella hooked up with Troy Bolton, the scholastic club goes from drool to cool. (gets a frightening image) Ryan, we need to save our show from people who don't know the difference between a Tony Award and (loathingly) Tony Hawk.
Taylor: (to Chad) Do you really think that's gonna work?
Chad: It's the only way to save Troy and Gabriella from themselves. So we on?
Taylor: Yeah.
Chad: Good. So we start tomorrow then.
Taylor: OK, the first thing.
Chad: Nice. (to Zeke and Jason) Let's go.
Chad: So, my watch is 7:45 Moutain Standard time. We synched?
Taylor: Whatever.
Chad: All right, then we're on a go mode for lunch period, exactly 12:05.
Taylor: Yes, Chad, we're a go. But we're not Charlie's Angels, OK?
Chad: I can dream, can't I?
Chad: (to Troy) "Spider" Bill Netrine, class of '72. He was the MVP in the league championship game.
Zeke: Sam Nedler, class of '02. Also known as "Sammy Slamma Jamma." Captain, MVP of the league championship team.
Jason: The "Thunder Clap" (everybody claps) Hap Hadden, '95. Led the Wildcats to back-to-back city championships. A legend.
Chad: Yes, legends, one and all.
Troy: But do you think that any of these Wildcat legends became legends by getting involved in musical auditions just days before the league championships?
Wildcats: Get your head in the game!
Chad: No. These Wildcat legends became legends because they never took their eye off the prize.
Wildcats: Get your head in the game!
Chad: Now, who was the first sophomore ever to make starting varsity?
Wildcats: Troy!
Chad: So, who voted him our team captain this year?
Wildcats: Us!
Chad: And who is gonna get their sorry butts kicked in Friday's championship game if Troy's worried about an audition?
Wildcats: (not so enthusiasticly) We are.
Troy: Guys, come on. I mean, there's 12 people on this team, not just me.
Chad: Just 12? Oh, no. I think you're forgetting about one very important 13th member of our squad.
Troy: My dad.
Chad: Yes, Troy. Wildcat basketball champion, class of 1981. Champion, father, and now coach. It's a winning tradition like no other.
Taylor: From lowly Neanderthal and Cro-Magnon, to early warriors, medievel knights. All leading up to... lunkhead basketball man.
Taylor: Yes, our culture worshipped the aggressor throughout the ages and we end up with spoiled, overpaid, bonehead athletes who contribute little to civilization other than slam dunks and touchdowns.That is the inevitable world of Troy Bolton.(speaking warmly now) But the path of the mind, the path we're on, ours is the path that has brought us these people: (presses a button and historical articles and pictures appear on her laptop) Eleanor Roosevelt, Frida Kahlo, Sandra Day O'Connor, Madame Curie, Jane Goodall, Oprah Winfrey and so many others who the world reveres.
Gabriella: Uh, but what is? You know, I've got Kelsi waiting for me to rehearse.
Taylor: Gabriella!
Taylor: Troy Bolton represents one side of evolution. And our side, the side of education and accomplishment is the future of civilization!
Taylor: This is the side where you belong.
Troy: (to Wildcats) Guys, if you don't know that I'll put 110% of my guts into that game, then you don't know me.
Chad: But we just thought...
Troy: I'll tell you what I thought. I thought that you're my friends. Win together, lose together, teammates.
Chad: But suddenly the girl... and the singing.
Troy: Man, I'm for the team! I've always been for the team. She's just someone I met.
Troy: (from laptop screen) All right the singing thing is nothing. Probably just a way to keep my nerves down. I don't know. It means nothing to me. You're my guys and this is our team. Gabriella is not important. I'll forget about her, I'll forget the audition and we'll go out and get that championship. Everyone happy now?
Taylor: Behold lunkhead basketball man.
Taylor: So, Gabriella, we'd love to have you for the scholastic decathlon.
Taylor: Did you wanna grab some lunch?
Taylor: Well, we'll be there if you wanna come.
Chad: Wildcats!
Wildcats +Troy: Get your head in the game! Whoo! Let's go!
Girl: Go, Wildcats! *Wildcats Sing Along*
Crowd: Troy, Troy, Troy, Troy! *When There Was Me And You*
Troy: Hey, how you doin'? (Gabriella is silent) Listen, there's something I wanna talk to you about,
Gabriella: (turning to face Troy) And here it is: I know what it's like to carry a load with your friends. I get it. You've got your boys, Troy. It's OK. So we're good.
Troy: Good about what? I was gonna talk to you about the final callbacks.
Gabriella: I don't wanna do the callbacks either. Who are we trying to kid? You've got your team and now I've got mine. I'll do the scholastic decathlon and you'll win the championships. It's where we belong. (She reaches into her locker and hands Troy her copy of Breaking Free) Go, Wildcats.
Troy: But I...
Troy: Gabriella?
Crowd: Go Wildcats!
Chad: Hey, Captain!
Zeke: (to Chad) What's with Troy?
Chad: Don't worry about it.
Chad: Troy! Hey.
Wildcat: Hey, Troy!
Chad: (to Troy) Hey, um... We just had another team meeting.
Troy: Oh... wonderful.
Chad: We had a team meeting about how we haven't been acting like a team. I mean us, not you. Look, about the singing thing...
Troy: Look, dude, I don't even wanna talk about it.
Chad: We just want you to know that we're gonna be there. OK, cheering for you.
Troy: Huh?
Zeke: Yeah, if singing is something you wanna do, we should be boosting you up, not tearing you down.
Chad: Yeah. Win or lose, we're teammates. That's what we're about. Even if you turn out to be the worst singer in the world.
Jason: Which we don't know because we haven't actually heard you sing.
Troy: And you're not gonna hear me sing, guys. Because Gabriella won't even talk to me... and I don't know why.
Chad: We do.
Zeke: I baked these fresh today. You'll probably want to try one before we tell you the rest.
Taylor: Gabriella, we were jerks. No, we were worse than jerks because we were mean jerks. We thought Troy and the whole singing thing was killing our chances of having you on the scholastic decathlon team.
Gabriella: I heard what he had to say. I'm on your team now. Done.
Taylor: No, not done. We knew that Chad could get Troy to say things to make you want to forget about the callbacks. We planned it, and we're embarassed and sorry.
Gabriella: No one forced Troy to say anything. And you know what? It's OK. We should be preparing for the decathlon now, so it's time to move on.
Taylor: (becoming slightly frustrated by Gabriella's stubbornness) No, it's not OK. The decathlon is whatever, but how you feel about us, and even more, Troy - that's what really matters.
Taylor: (turning to her fellows, whispers) We tried.
Troy: Hi, Miss Montez, I'm Troy Bolton.
Miss Montez: Oh, Troy!
Miss Montez: um... Gabriella is kinda busy with homework and such, so now's not really a good time.
Troy: I made a mistake, Miss Montez, and I would really like to let Gabriella know that. Could you tell her that I came by to see her?
Miss Montez: (smiling) I will... Troy. Good night.
Troy: Good night. Thank you.
Gabriella: Hello?
Troy: (on the phone) What you heard, none of that is true. I was sick of my friends riding me about singing with you, so I said things I knew would shut them up. I didn't mean any of it.
Gabriella: (on the phone) You sounded pretty convincing to me.
Troy: (on the phone) Listen, the guy you met on vacation is way more me than the guy who said those stupid things.
Gabriella: (on the phone) Troy, the whole singing thing is making the school whack. You said so yourself. Everyone's treating you differently because of it.
Troy: (on the phone) Maybe because I don't wanna only be the basketball guy. They can't handle it. That's not my problem, it's theirs.
Gabriella: (on the phone) What about your dad?
Troy: (on the phone) And it's not about my dad. This is about how I feel, and I'm not letting the team down. They let me down. So I'm gonna sing. What about you?
Gabriella: (on the phone) I don't know, Troy.
Troy: (on the phone) Well, you need to say yes. Because I brought you something.
Gabriella: (on the phone) What do you mean?
Troy: (on the phone) Turn around. This could be the start of something new It feels so right to be here with you Oh And now looking in your eyes I feel in my heart The start of something... (spoken) new.
Coach Bolton: Whoo!
Troy: Yeah!
Gabriella: Zn4, and by doing that, you end up with two... and two. Got it?
Science Girl: Yes!
Wildcat: What's happening?
Gabriella: Guys, come here. Go ahead and put five grams of this in, (points to a substance on the table) and that causes it to change from an acidic state. Causing the color to change from pink to blue. Just like those pH test strips. (checks the clock) Oh, gotta go. See you guys later!
Troy: Whoa! (they take off in the direction that Troy came from) You're late!
Both: ...strength to believe
Gabriella: We're soarin'
Troy: Flyin'
Both: There's not a star in heaven that we can't reach
Sharpay: (singing to herself) Bop bop bop....
Troy: (from the music classroom) If we're tryin
Both: Yeah, we're breakin' free
Ryan: Wow. They sound good.
Troy: Like a wave the ocean just...
Sharpay: (turning to face Ryan) We have to do something. OK, our callbacks on Thursday and the basketball game and the scholastic decathlon are on Friday. (has an idea) Too bad all these events weren't happening on the same day... at the same time.
Ryan: Well, that wouldn't work out because then Troy and Gabriella wouldn't be able to make the...
Ryan: (realizing) I'm proud to call you my sister.
Sharpay: I know.
Miss Darbus: I don't want to hear about Troy Bolton and that Montez girl. So, if you're telling me as co-presidents of the drama club that changing the callbacks would be what's best for our theater program, then I might actually agree with you.
Ryan: (to Sharpay) Is that a yes? Bop bop bop, up to the top And wipe away your inhibitions Stomp, stomp, stomp Do the romp and strut your stuff Bop bop bop, straight to the top...
Chad: (to a friend) No problem at all. It was crazy. man.
Troy: Callbacks the same time as the game?
Gabriella: And the scholastic decathlon.
Taylor: Why would they do that?
Chad: I smell a rat named Darbus.
Kelsi: I actually think it's two rats, neither of them named Darbus.
Chad: Do you know something about this small person?
Kelsi: (to Troy) Miss Darbus might think that she's protecting the show, but Ryan and Sharpay are pretty much only concerned with protecting themselves.
Chad: (angrily) Do you know what I'm gonna do to those two over-moosed show dogs?
Wildcat: You know I'm in. Game Day Scholastic Decathlon Day Callback Day
Zeke: A pi pie.
Taylor: Oh my goodness!
Gabriella: Oh my gosh!
Taylor: What? Thank you! Oh, we have something for you, too.
Gabriella: Yeah, come here, look. BothTa-da!
Troy: Oh... it's an equation.
Troy, Chad, Zeke, Jason: Oh! (jokingly) That's awful.
Chad: (to Sharpay) Stay right there. Watch
Troy: From our team, to yours.
Wildcats: G - O - D - R - A - M - A - C - L - U - B
Troy: Exclamation point.
Miss Darbus: Well, seems we Wildcats are in for an interesting afternoon.
Taylor: (as Miss Darbus turns around) Go.(Taylor, Gabriella., and the rest of the class get back to their seats.
Ryan: G-O-D... dra.. Go dra... Go dray...
Sharpay: Ugh!
Ryan: Drame?
Coach Bolton: How you feeling?
Troy: Nervous.
Coach Bolton: Yeah, me too. Wish I could suit up and play alongside you.
Troy: Hey, you had your turn.
Coach Bolton: You know what I want from you today?
Troy: The championship.
Coach Bolton: Well, that'll come or it won't. What I want is for you to have fun. I know all about the pressure. And probably too much of it has come from me. What I really want is to see my son having the time of his life playing the game we both love. You give me that, and I will sleep with a smile on my face no matter how the score comes out.
Troy: (happy) Thanks, Coach.. uh.. Dad.
Announcer: Welcome to the tenth annual Scholastic Decathlon. The East High Wildcats versus the West High Knights.
Miss Darbus: (to some ladies who are entering the auditorum) Hello! (points to an aisle) Right here, right here.
Sharpay: Mah, mah, mah!
Ryan: Mah, mah, mah!
Sharpay: Eeh! Eeh!
Ryan: Ow! Ow!
Sharpay: Stop! (falls in front of Ryan as he catches her. she gets up and puts her hands on his shoulders) I trust you.
Ryan: Energy.
Wildcats: Whoo!
Troy: Come on, let's do it!
Announcer: And now introducing your East High Wildcats!
Coach Bolton: Let's go! Go!
Announcer: ...for this championship game between East High and West High!
Miss Darbus: Casting the leads of a show is both a challenge and a responsibility. A joy and a burden. I commend you and all other young artists to hold out for the moon, the sun, and the stars.
Miss Darbus: Shall we soar together?
Miss Darbus: Sharpay and Ryan! *Bop To The Top*
Wildcats & Coach Bolton: (having just finished the team huddle) Wildcats!
Announcer: ...the coveted championship trophy!
Announcer: East High wins the opening tip, pushing the ball up the court.
Decathlon Announcer: East High.
Taylor: (to Gabriella) We did it!
Taylor: All right, Wildcats, time for an orderly exit from the gym.
Announcer: And West High pushes the ball aound the perimeter on the offensive end. Nice ball movement by West High. Driving the lane... shot is up and...
Announcer: We seem to be experiancing some technical difficulties, uh.
Announcer: We've got a timeout on the court here.
Referee: We have a problem. Stop the game. Stop the game.
Announcer: Referee has signaled timeout.
Announcer: Everyone please remain calm.
Gabriella: (to Taylor) Go, go, go, go.
Principal Matsui: (into a microphone) We'll get this figured out real soon. In the meantime, per safety regulations, we need to all make an orderly exit from the gym, please.
Sharpay: (to a member of the audience) Oh, hi! Call me.
Miss Darbus: Do you see why we love the theater, people? Well done. Ah, Troy Bolton, Gabriella Montez. (silence) Troy? Gabriella?
Kelsi: (frantically) They'll be here.
Miss Darbus: The theater, as I have often pointed out, waits for no one. I'm sorry.
Miss Darbus: Well, we are done here. Congratulations to all. The cast list will be posted.
Troy: Wait! Miss Darbus, wait! We're ready, we can sing.
Miss Darbus: I called your names, twice.
Gabriella: Miss Darbus, please! Please!
Miss Darbus: Rules are rules!
Sharpay: (to Miss Darbus, giddy at the thought of performing in front of so many) We'll be happy to do it again for our fellow students, Miss Darbus.
Miss Darbus: (searching for an excuse) I don't know what's going on here, but in any event, it's far too late and we have not got a pianist.
Ryan: Well, that's show biz.
Troy: We'll sing without a piano.
Kelsi: (running up behind Troy) Oh, no, you won't. Pianist here, Miss Darbus.
Sharpay: (threateningly) You really don't wanna do that.
Kelsi: (unafraid) Oh, yes, I really do. Ready on stage.
Miss Darbus: (to Sharpay) Now that's show biz.
Gabriella: (to Troy) I can't do it, Troy, not with all those people staring at me.
Troy: (softly) Hey, hey, look at me, look at me, right at me. Right at me. It'll be like the first time we sang together. Remember? Like kindergarten. *Breaking Free*
Taylor: Whoo!
Boy: That's amazing!
Girl: Amazing, yeah!
Announcer: And West High pushin' the ball. Fast break. Looking for an open man. Oh, but it's stolen by number 14 heading back the other way! (#14=Troy) East High has the ball! Time is running down on the clock! Looking for an open man. Fake. Swing to the outside. Ball on the perimeter. Look for a man on the inside. Nice screen. Shot's up! And it's good! A 12-foot jump shot as time expires for the victory! East High has won the championship! Your East High Wildcats are champions! Congratulations, East High!
Crowd: (chanting) Troy! Troy! Troy!
League Man: (gives Coach Bolton the trophy) Congratulations.
Coach Bolton: Thanks.
Chad: What team?
All: Wildcats!
Chad: What team?
All: Wildcats!
Chad: What team?
All: Wildcats!
Chad: Wildcats!
All: Get your head in the game!
Wildcat: Oh, yeah, bro!
Coach Bolton: (hugs Troy) I'm proud of you, son!
Troy: Aw, thanks, Dad!
Miss Darbus: Bravo!
Coach Bolton: Brava!
Miss Darbus: Ah!
Boy: Hey, hey! Troy, you're the man!
Troy: No, you!
Gabriella: (happily) Congratulations, Wildcat!
Troy: (excitedly) What about your team?
Gabriella: We won too!
Chad: Yo! Team voted you the game ball, Captain!
Troy: (slightly miffed about losing his chance to kiss Gabriella) Yeah, thank you. Thanks a lot.
Chad: (to Taylor) So... you're going with me to the after-party, right?
Taylor: (happily suprised) Like on a date?
Chad: Must be your lucky day.
Zeke: Hey, Sharpay. I'm sorry you didn't get the lead, but I think that you're really good. I admire you so much.
Sharpay: And why wouldn't you? Now, bye-bye.
Zeke: Oh, wait. I baked you some cookies.
Sharpay: Ew.
Ryan: (taking the cookies while smiling) Nice game.
Zeke: Thanks.
Troy: (to Kelsi) Composer, here's your game ball. You deserve it, playmaker.
Boy: Yeah!
Boy: Whoo, that's what I'm talking about! *We're All In This Together* *End Credits* *Wildcats Sing Along*
Sharpay: (with one of Zeke's cookies in hand, and some of the cookie in her mouth) These cookies are genius! The best things I've ever tasted! (tosses the remains of the cookie behind her) Will you make some more for me, Zeke?
Zeke: (happily) I might even make you a creme brulee.
