Peddler: Oooh, in all my years, never have I seen the streets so full of bustle and hustle and assorted commotion.
Rasoul: Our Princess is to wed.
Peddler: Oooh, wonderful! And who's the lucky prince?
Rasoul: Not a prince at all. Just a no account street rat.
Genie: No way! Try it fanatically. It's Aladdin! Awww.Some of you don't believe. In color. 
Genie: There's a party here in Agrabah, there's excitement in the air. People pouring in from near and far 'Cause Jasmine and Aladdin are gonna have a weddin'. There's a party here in Agrabah, everybody will be there So if you're a pauper or a shah, do something with your hair. You mustn't wear an outfit that's naughty A turban that's unraveling just won't do No earrings that are tasteless or gaudy You're gonna look gorgeous when I get through. There's a party here in Agrabah, so I'm goin' to paint the town If you want to see what colors are, follow me around.
Crowd: Aladdin's gettin' married and it's gonna be The wedding of the century
Genie: My buddy's getting married and you're gonna see Just how much I can do! You've heard of your safari bar mitzvahs You've all been to a luau sweet sixteen But none of them compare to what this The food with be disgusting, by evening you'll be busting. There's a party here in Agrabah and it's got us all aglow If a street rat could have come so far, maybe I can do it Sure, there's nothing to it!
Woman: There's a party here in Agrabah, but we're not sure that we'll go For although the bride is la de dah, the groom is awfully low
Genie: And now we take you down to the palace, where everyone has celebrated all night long Without Jafar and all his malice, everybody's happy What could possibly go wrong?
Thieves: There's a party here in Agrabah, and we're gonna rob 'em blind
Cassim: While they're all munching caviar, create a small disturbance; I'll sneak up from behind.
Iago: There's a party here in Agrabah, and the loot is pouring in. I like this wedding stuff so far. Maybe if I'm pleasant, I'll get to keep a present!
Genie: We've ordered just a few tasteful flowers And valets who will carefully park for you The bridesmaids have been dressing for hours Girls you look just lovely and so grown up too There's a party in Agrabah, yes a filling of the room But there's something missing, yes, ahah!
Sultan: Where is the groom?
Genie: Hello? Somebody's going to be late for his own wedding!
Aladdin: Hold on Genie, there's something I need.
Genie: I gotcha, it's a bachelor party, big boy! None for you, you're the designated flyer.
Aladdin: No, this is for the wedding.
Genie: Well, uh, that's a nice dagger. Interesting nuptial accessory.It's a bit.sharp
Aladdin: It belonged to my father
Genie: Your father? You never said a word about your father. Oh, I've got to let the caterer know! Chicken or sea bass?
Aladdin: He's not coming to the wedding.he died a long time ago.
Genie: Sorry.
Aladdin: That's okay, I never knew him. Maybe if I did, I'd feel ready for this.
Genie: Al, are you getting cold feet?
Aladdin: No, Genie. It's just that.I've always been a street rat. Stealing what I need to survive, runnin' from the guards.
Abu: Uh huh.
Aladdin: Living my life alone.
Abu: Oh.
Aladdin: I'm takin' a big step today, into a new world.
Genie: Today's topic, Fears of the Future Family Man. Al from Agrabah, share with us.
Aladdin: I never had a father to show me how to raise a family.
Genie: No role model? Get a little deeper.
Aladdin: What do I know about families? Genie, what if I'm no good at it? If my father were here.
Genie: Al, Little Buddy, if your father were here, he'd be as proud of you as I am.
Aladdin: I just wish he could see this.
Aladdin: There's a party here in Agrabah, and the party's all for me. Just look you guys at where we are, and how are dreams have come to be.
Jasmine: There's a party here in Agrabah, and I can't believe it's true. After all this waiting, here we are. We'll finally get to say 'I do'
Aladdin: I never ever had a real family
Jasmine: I never ever had a real true friend
Both: Someone who could just understand me.
Iago: Hey, come on Aladdin, this mush has got to end!
Genie: There's a party here in Agrabah And it's starting right away. Let's get you dressed 'cause you're the star Hey, come on, it's your wedding day!
Chorus: Aladdin's gettin' married and it's gonna be the wedding of the century. Amazing how Aladdin could have come so far!
Genie: They're finally gettin' married!
Sultan: They're finally getting married!
Thieves: They're finally gettin' married!
Iago: Look at all these presents!
Jasmine: We're finally getting married!
Abu: They're finally getting married!
Aladdin: I'm finally gettin' married!
Chorus: They're finally gettin' married at the party in Agrabah! They're getting married and it's gonna be such a sight to see. Come on, go with me To the party in Agrabah!
Genie: A party goin' on now, gotta party, gotta party. Help me! Can't stop myself! Somebody rub the lamp, somebody rub the lamp, Ah, you know I feel it. ah, that's enough. .
Sa'luk: Why do you walk in the open while I suffocate like an animal?
Cassim: Someone has to keep a cool head, Sa'luk.
Sa'luk: Someone will have no head if this is another wild goose chase.
Cassim: The Oracle is the real thing. This time I'm sure.
Genie: Hello, and welcome to Lifestyles of the Rich and Magical! That's right; we're taking you to the marriage of a millennium. And who's this coming on the lovely stretch camel? Oh it's Cleopatra and Caesar and they're bringing a salad, how wonderful . Oh look, there's Osiris, Oh Osiris, Osiris, could we have a word with you? . Oh no, the crowd is parting, who's coming? It's Moses! And you're name is? 
Thor: I'm Thor.
Genie: You're Thor?
Thor: Well, it hurts.
Genie: Once again, this whole broadcast has been brought to you by sand.It's everywhere. Get used to it!
Abu: Come on, come on 
Iago: I can see fine from back here.
Abu: Uh uh, it's Aladdin!
Iago: Look, there's one thing I get sentimental about, and I'm sittin' on it.
Iago: The loot monkey, the loot!
Genie: Bad news Al, the boutonnières clash with the cumber buns! (Genie holds out a white boutonnière and a brown cumber bun.)
Aladdin: Genie, isn't it a little late for that?
Genie: What, what are you trying to say? Out with it! What, what..they're here. Oh no! I'm late; I'm late, for a very important date! 
Crowd: You're majesty, your highness!
Sultan: Don't look so solemn boy, this is a happy day.
Genie: Oh look, it's a Kodiak moment. Put that bear out of here! 
Sultan: Ohh.
Aladdin: Wow.
Genie: Oh Yeah!
Sultan: I never thought this day would come. Now I'm afraid that it has come all too soon.
Jasmine: Oh father.
Cassim: You distract the guards
Sa'luk: Part of your plan?
Cassim: A large part. It's time.
Thieves: Oh!
Genie: It's all so magical. I'm not gonna cry. I'm not. Oh, sorry.
Aladdin: Well, we're here.
Jasmine: Together forever.
Sa'luk: Let me be the point man!
Genie: I thought the earth wasn't supposed to move until the honeymoon.
Sultan: Oh, oh, my word!
Genie: Stampede!
Iago: What is going on here?
Genie: Come here monkey boy, you were almost Dumbo toe jam! Oh, they trampled the carpet.that's a little redundant. So this isn't really a bad day for you, is it?
Fazal: It's an attack!
Rasoul: Not in this palace!
Genie: Oh, I think we're going to have a little problem with leaks. 
Cassim: It must be here somewhere!
Iago: Meet your match, Zorro!
Cassim: Good birdie! Polly want a little.
Iago: Say cracker and I'll let you have it on principle!
Cassim: You have a lot of spirit. And a lot of mouth.
Thief: Ha ha ha!
Sa'luk: Ha ha ha!
Fazal: They fight like demons!
Hakim: Worse than demons. These are the Forty Thieves!
Genie: Really? I get thirty-nine.
Aladdin: Forty.
Cassim: Where is it?
Cassim: Ah, at last!
Aladdin: Can I see your invitation?
Cassim: Stay out of my way boy and you won't get hurt!
Cassim: Fool, you don't stand a chance against the King of Thieves.
Aladdin: When I get up, I'll bow to you!
Jasmine: That was for ruining my wedding!
Thieves: Huh?
Genie: I guess there's really no point to this now.
Genie: Freeze sandbags; don't make me use the other end!
Genie: Mama always said 'magic is as magic does'.
Sa'luk: Cassim said nothing about facing the powers of a genie! Get the others out of here. We'll leave the King to his plans.
Cassim: Oooh!
Aladdin: Where's the King of Thieves?
Cassim: I'll see you again, boy! 
Genie: Oooh.This is not my fault! This was not built to code!
Iago: Good luck getting back the catering department.
Sultan: Oh my.
Genie: Fear not, oh father of the bride. We can rebuild!
Sultan: Oh, please do. We can't have a wedding without a pavilion! 
Genie: All right, a wedding pavilion it is my man. Hey, I want to see some resumes on these guys. And don't let the one with the beak near any power tools. 
Sultan: Yes, yes, Genie, whatever it takes. I am sorry about all this Jasmine. Daughter?
Jasmine: What were they after, the gifts?
Aladdin: Not all the gifts. This is what the King of Thieves wanted. 
Iago: With all the other great stuff, why go for this thing?
Oracle: Your question is mine to answer! The King of Thieves sought my sight to find the Ultimate Treasure.
Iago: Did someone say treasure?
Aladdin: Genie?
Genie: Oh.Looks like an Oracle.
Oracle: I see all that has been, and all that will be.
Genie: Uh oh, uh oh, definitely an Oracle, tells the future, uh oh. Girlfriend, where were you registered?
Iago: Okay, you know all, so tell all. Where is the treasure? You know, the ultimate one?
Oracle: I am bound by the rule of one. One question, one answer.
Iago: I only want one answer! Where is the Ultimate Treasure?
Oracle: You have already asked your question.
Iago: You mean before? Oh, that wasn't a question! That was uh.thinking out loud.
Genie: Very loud.
Jasmine: Aladdin, we could learn anything. About our lives, our future.
Oracle: You have but to ask.
Aladdin: I know what my future is, my future is you. But my past.it's a blank. My mother died when I was just a kid, and I never even knew my father. I have no idea where I come from.
Oracle: Your question is your choice. But remember the rule of one. Choose carefully.
Iago: Oh sure, she warns him about the one question thing. Hey!
Aladdin: I don't think you can help me. My past isn't just one question, it's a million questions.
Oracle: Ah, but mere questions about your past can be answered by your father.
Aladdin: My father? My father is alive.
Jasmine: Abu, where's Aladdin? How long has he been up there?
Jasmine: Aladdin, Are you alright? What's wrong?
Aladdin: I always wanted to know about my father. But just now, I'm not so sure. What kind of man leaves his son? Did he even care? Maybe I don't wanna know him.
Jasmine: Yes you do.
Aladdin: How can you be so sure?
Jasmine: Because I already know him. Because I know you.
Jasmine: You showed me the world when I was all locked up inside. You reached out your hand and took me on a magic carpet ride. One look at your smile and I could see the light, shining every where. People like you don't come out of thin air.
Aladdin: Oh Jasmine.
You don't understand. There is so much that you don't see. Just think if you can what growing up had to be like for me. Your father's a man who taught you who you are. Mine was never there. So how can you say, I don't come out of thin air?
Aladdin: There's so much I want to know
Jasmine: You've got the chance to learn.
Aladdin: If it means, I'd have to go.
Jasmine: I'll be right here when you return. Our wedding can wait.
Aladdin: I love you.
Jasmine: I think it's worth this small delay.
Aladdin: Maybe you're right.
Jasmine: And won't it be great to have your father see our wedding day? It isn't too late.
Aladdin: I've waited so long to learn the truth.
Both: And now at least, we can finally say.
Jasmine: You're father is really there.
Aladdin: There's so much that we might share.
Jasmine: And you'll finally learn, you
Both: Don't come out of thin air.
Oracle: Have you chosen your question?
Aladdin: I have.
Oracle: Then ask.
Aladdin: Where is my father?
Oracle: Follow the trail of the Forty Thieves. Your father is trapped within their world.
Aladdin: The Forty Thieves? Is he hurt? How long has he been their prisoner?
Oracle: I am sorry. I can only answer one question. 
Aladdin: It's up to me.
Jasmine: Take as long as you need.
Aladdin: I'll be back in time for our wedding, I promise.
Iago: I should have stayed with the Genie. Manual labor beats danger any day.
Aladdin: Good, the trail's still fresh.
Iago: Definitely should have stayed with the Genie. Ah!
Aladdin: Shh..Phew. Well they have nowhere to go, we have them trapped.
Iago: We? They are Forty Thieves. We are you, a rug, a monkey, and me. Wait, don't count me.
Aladdin: They're just standing there
Cassim: Open sesame!
Aladdin: Let's move. Hang on! I know Carpet, it's incredible. What?
Iago: How bad is it? 
Abu: Hmm.
Iago: Yee ow! Ohh, this is attractive! 
Aladdin: Come on.
Iago: Ya wanna not hold up traffic? I want to get in, get out, and go home. Actually, I wouldn't mind skipping right to the go home.
Sa'luk: We could have had all the loot from the wedding. But we followed the king's plan. This is what we have to show for our trouble in Agrabah: NOTHING!
Fat, White Man: This oughta be good!
Fat, Asian Man: Sa'luk is truly ticked!
Sa'luk: Your time draws to a close, Cassim.
Aladdin: Cassim? My father.
Cassim: If you're talking about spilling my blood, well, I just don't see that happening. 
Sa'luk: Then let me open your eyes!
Aladdin: Run, I've got him! I'm Aladdin, you're my father!
Thieves: His Father?
Sa'luk: I don't know about father boy, but I'll send you to meet your other ancestors.
Cassim: Let him go. The boy.is my son. I gave this dagger to my wife years ago. I told her to give it to our new born son.Aladdin.
Fat, White Man: It's true?
Fat, Asian Man: Ohh, the boy is the son of the King of Thieves.
Aladdin: are the King of Thieves?
Cassim: Like it or not boy, we're blood. Look at you. I'd thought I'd never see you again. Has it been so long?
Sa'luk: Blood or mud, the boy is an intruder. And we have rules about intruders.
Thieves: Sa'luk is right. He knows our secrets! I hate intruders. Wait, wait, me too!
Sa'luk: He has found our secret lair. He has seen too much. He must die. They must all die!
Iago: Die? He's your son. I'm his friend! Cast a vote for mercy here!
Sa'luk: Yes, Cassim, mercy would be so like you. Soft and weak.
Thieves: Maybe Sa'luk should be king? Yes, maybe he should
Cassim: Kill him.
Cassim: Or the boy could, yes the boy could.no.
Tall, Fat Man: What, what? The boy could what?
Cassim: Nothing, probably a bad idea.
Triplets: Let's hear it.
Cassim: Well, it seems to me that.oh never mind.
Sa'luk: What?
Cassim: The boy could face 'the challenge.'
Thieves: Ah.That's right, 'the challenge.'
Cassim: That's that, my son shall face 'the challenge.'
Sa'luk: And I shall be the one to test him.
Iago: A test, huh? Ah, that's not so bad. Maybe it will be multiple choice?
Iago: Escape? Not likely. Our ride home is grounded.
Iago: And Al? Well.it's been nice knowin' 'em.
Aladdin: What's goin' on, Dad?
Cassim: Oh, the challenge is simple enough.only one man survives. But you're my son. You'll be that man. Knock 'em dead kid, seriously.
Thieves: Go Sa'luk! Kick 'em!
Aladdin: Ah! 
Cassim: No!
Iago: I thought oz-eyed won?
Aladdin: Look, I.I.I didn't mean.
Thieves: Get him! Take him to the King! (The thieves pick Aladdin up and pass him to Cassim
Iago: I don't even know Aladdin, okay? 
Cassim: You killed Sa'luk. The code of the Forty Thieves is very clear on this point. You're in!
Thieves: Yah!
Thieves: Congratulations, bub! You've joined the club And everybody here agrees We've got the finest blend of nearly honest men Welcome to the Forty Thieves A fraternity of thugs that you can trust There's nothing up our eighty sleeves
Got lots of grub to share, pull up a easy chair Welcome to the Forty Thieves Now you get to lie and cheat Never have to brush your teeth But we always aim to please Care for one another, you'll never miss your mother!
Iago: Oh, I love you guys.
Thieves: Schemin' up a scam Out on a limb Taking whatever we please And if you like to work, you're gonna love this work! Welcome to the Forty Thieves! Welcome to the Forty Thieves!
Cassim: Together we're the perfect team Larceny is in the genes
Dare to share the family dream
Iago: Live a life o' leisure, counting all your treasure!
Thieves: As an honorary member of the gang That no one alive ever leaves You gotta snatch and sneak Or else your future's bleak We got a lifetime contract that your bound to keep You wanna save your skin, ya better fit right in! Wel, wel, welcome, to the Wel, wel, welcome to the Forty Thieves!
Genie: Boy, and I thought I was blue. 
Jasmine: You would know if Aladdin is in trouble, wouldn't you? I thought he'd be back by now.
Genie: Al will be back. Listen to Genie dear, Genie knows. You have to get your mind off this incessant waiting. Here's a surefire way to cheer up a bummed out bride to be. A heaping helping of matrimonial magic! Hey, that's no good. What a wedding needs is a theme. It needs a groom too, but let's work with what we have.
Jasmine: Genie!
Genie: It's a joke. I do that. Okay, let's see.this will be the second wedding for both of you. I'm thinking we need something a little more simple, a little more elegant and less gray. Ha, ha, ha! Did it, done it, own it! I gonna' throw some colors at you, mauve, teal, and salmon. What do you like, besides the salmon? Okay, Madonna. Don't keep it.Just put that in the mix, wink. Okay, I see lasers! It's a miracle! He believes, he believes! Thank you very much!
Jasmine: I don't think so.
Genie: Tres gauch right? Well, maybe you could elope? No, you can't elope. But oh honeydew! Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha! I don't whether to put it under props or produce. Please, don't squeeze the tires, they're not ripe. And how 'bout that gown? Whether you're dancing with dwarves or simply biting the apple, it says I'm a princess for now!
Jasmine: Uh, Genie.
Genie: Hey, it's Synergy. The marketing guys are very excited, it tests really well!
Jasmine: Thank you Genie. I'm sure it will be wonderful. And thanks for cheering me up.
Genie: I'm sure Ali Baba and the boy are on the road to Agrabah right now. Isn't that right Bob? That's right, Bing, how 'bout this town? Is it wild or what? It's like one giant sand trap, and me without my wedgie. Hey, let's give a big hand for Brooke Shields.
Cassim: I find my son, and lose my enemy. You did your old man proud, Aladdin.
Aladdin: I was just trying to stay alive.
Cassim: Ha! If you didn't fight, you would have been killed. So says the code of the Forty Thieves.
Iago: Does this code have any rules that don't end in death?
Cassim: It's a strict code. But there's one thing that I added. We never hurt the innocent.
Iago: For future reference, I'm as innocent as the day I was hatched.
Abu: Oh brother.
Cassim: My men don't even know about this place.
Cassim: Listen boy, there is a treasure. The Ultimate Treasure. Compared to this, a pharaoh's tomb is a pauper's grave. A sultan's fortune nothing but.lunch money! And I am this close to it.
Iago: That's tantalizingly close.
Cassim: But it's on an island that is never in the same place twice. The Vanishing Isle.
Iago: That.would be a problem.
Aladdin: What is this Ultimate Treasure?
Cassim: The big one, boy. The Hand of Midas.
Aladdin: It's just a myth!
Cassim: It's not a myth, boy.
Cassim: It was once right here, look, there's your proof. From stern to stem, every piece of rigging every peg and board, all of it! Solid gold!
Abu: Oooh.
Iago: Adopt me Daddy-o!
Cassim: Touched by the Hand of Midas
Aladdin: And sunk by it.
Cassim: You don't understand. You don't know what it's like to have nothing. To stare up at the palace and know you deserve more. To be called street rat.
Aladdin: Yes, I do.
Cassim: I knew exactly what I wanted for my family, the best. I couldn't give up and go back empty handed. But the weeks turned into months and the months turned into years.I came back to Agrabah one night, but I couldn't find my wife, or my son. I thought my family was lost forever. At that moment, I would have traded anything to get your mother back.
Aladdin: We never wanted gold.we wanted you. I wanted a father, I still do. Come to my wedding. This time, you have an invitation.
Cassim: Aladdin, I just don't know.
Aladdin: Dad, I'm not going back to Agrabah until morning. At least think about it?
Cassim: Aladdin may never understand, but it just wouldn't work. I don't belong in his world.
Iago: The Oracle doesn't belong in his world either. It belongs in the hands of two enterprising treasure hunters, you and me.
Cassim: The Oracle.probably just another dead end.
Iago: It works! That's how the kid found you, it knows everything!
Cassim: Everything?
Iago: And I know where they stashed it. Cassim, we're talking about the wedding of your only son.
Iago: It's a once in a lifetime opportunity.
Cassim: How can I pass it up?
Sa'luk: Captain, over here!
Rasoul: Show yourself!
Sa'luk: You're alone, good.
Rasoul: So, you are the one with information about the Forty Thieves?
Sa'luk: What would you say if I handed you the King of Thieves?
Rasoul: I'd say..what's in it for you?
Sa'luk: I'll just sleep better knowing that he's off the streets.and on the executioner's block.
Rasoul: Everyone knows that the King of Thieves cannot be caught. What miracle do you possess?
Sa'luk: Two words that will make you Agrabah's greatest hero- Open Sesame.
Aladdin: Hop on, Dad!
Cassim: Oh no! It's a rug, you sweep dirt under it, you don't fly on it. At least, I don't.
Aladdin: Don't be afraid, it's fun!
Cassim: I am not afraid! Now, get off that thing before you break your neck!
Aladdin: I trust Carpet with my life! Give 'em time, he'll come around.
Cassim: We'll take horses. Horses were good enough for my father, and his father before him. And they were always good enough for me.
Aladdin: He sounds like a father, alright.
Abu: Uh huh.
Rasoul: Whoa! This is the spot men.
Fazal: But there is nothing here!
Rasoul: Now, but watch. Open Caraway! 
Hakim: There is still nothing here.
Rasoul: When I get a hold of that no good.
Fazal: But I thought you said it was Open Sesame?
Aladdin: Looks like Genie has everything ready.
Abu: Yeah, uh huh.
Cassim: Genie? You have a Genie? Have you used all three wishes yet?
Iago: Oh, please, don't go into it. It's just too painful.
Genie: Oh, Al! You're back! And you're front! You're both here! 
Aladdin: That's great Genie.
Genie: Security's tight. No big crowd, immediate family only.
Aladdin: Perfect, because this is my.
Genie: No lowlifes this time, other than the parrot of course. Observe.(Genie pulls out a remote. He pushes a button, and a giant robot comes out.]
Robot: You have violated the perimeter of the Aladdin and Jasmine wedding; prepare to be vaporized, thank you. 
Genie: Armed and dangerous. I'd like to see one of those Forty Thieves get within an inch of your wedding. 
Iago: Allow me to introduce.
Cassim: Ha ha, the King of Thieves
Genie: Ah! All units, we have a code red Come on boys, follow me! Calvary commence! Code red! Geronimo! Arapaho! Navajo! Pocahontas! Code red. Do not attempt to move, or we'll be shooting ourselves.
Aladdin: Genie!
Genie: Back off, Al. This creep has a yellow sheet as long as my arm.
Aladdin: Genie, meet my dad.
Genie: Stand down boys, smoke 'em if you got 'em. If you're Al's dad, and the King of Thieves, I just wanna know one thing.
Cassim: Yeah?
Genie: Will you be having the chicken or the sea bass?
Aladdin: Come on, Dad. I can't wait for you to meet Jasmine and the Sultan.
Genie: Ahem, Al? Don't you think we should lose the 'Agrabah's Most Wanted' look? 
Cassim: What's wrong with the way I look?
Aladdin: When you're here, you're not the King of Thieves. You're my dad.
Cassim: I've had more practice being the King of Thieves.
Genie: Oh, Come on, enough of this dark past. Let's roll out something a little new.
Genie: It's a big, bright, beautiful future. Thank your lucky stars you're alive You've got someone special to talk to A friend that you can trust for life You've been on your own with no family ties But those solo days are done You'll be two of a kind, spending quality time together As father and son. Building model ships Takin' fishing trips Working hand in hand Painting the palace, mowing the sand First and ten to go, with your daddy o. Once you break the ice You could postulate paternal advice I see you're traveling at the speed of life. That's the theory of relatives. It's fine, fantabulous future I see fruit on the family tree You'll be great as a grumpy old grandpa Bouncing babies on your knee You could fall asleep on the comfy couch, after playing one on one. Dreaming back to back that you walloped the Shaq Together, as father and son.
Cassim: May be a bumpy ride
Aladdin: We'll make it side by side
Genie: Good afternoon, I'll be your travel guide Move over laddy make room for daddy Got a whole new shoulder to cry on Take a chance now, give it a spin You've had chums for paling around with But you've never had a friend like him Put your checkered past behind you now No more living on the run Face the big, bright, beautiful future together, together, together, together.As father and son.
Cassim: My boy Aladdin must have been born under a lucky star to find such a treasure.
Jasmine: You are most definitely Aladdin's father.
Genie: I have the DNA to prove it.
Sultan: It must have been dreadful, trapped by the Forty Thieves!
Genie: Uh oh.
Cassim: I try to block out the memories.
Sultan: Say no more, not another word on the subject!
Cassim: Yes, let's turn our attention to happier thoughts. The blessed union of our children! 
Sultan: Indeed.
Aladdin: It worked Genie! They love 'im!
Genie: It's the hat. Nothing does the trick like a smart chapeau
Cassim: Ah, back among civilized people, back among family.
Aladdin: It's more than that. All he needed was a second chance.
Cassim:.It's a miracle.
Thieves: You'll pay for this! You sold us out!
Thief: Ow! He got my nose.
Sa'luk: He's not in there!
Sa'luk: You didn't capture the King of Thieves?
Rasoul: Because he was not at the hideout.
Sa'luk: He had to be there, where else would he be?
Guard: Apologizes, Captain Rasoul.
Rasoul and Sa'luk: What?
Guard: Well, The Sultan said he won't be able to sentence your prisoners until tomorrow.
Rasoul: What's more important than sentencing my prisoners?
Guard: Why the wedding! Princess Jasmine and Aladdin are finally getting married!
Sa'luk: Aladdin? You didn't capture Aladdin with the others? 
Rasoul: Why would he be with the Forty Thieves?
Sa'luk: Because his father is the King of Thieves!
Sultan: Oh, where could he be? I do hope nothing's wrong. Perhaps we should dispatch a search party?
Jasmine: Now father, I'm sure he's.on his way.
Aladdin: Where is he?
Genie: Hakuna Matata! Whoa.I was having an out of movie experience. My guess is he wants to make an entrance.
Iago: Here's the monkey's lock picks. You know how to use 'em?
Cassim: I promise you bird, after this, I go straight.
Rasoul: Straight to the dungeon!
Iago: Ah!
Rasoul: We've been expecting you!
Jasmine: Do you think something is wrong?
Aladdin: Genie, can you find him?
Genie: I'll sniff him out. I need a scrap of his clothes or a lock of his hair. Or shoe, a shoe's good.
Aladdin: Huh?
Sultan: Rasoul, what is the meaning of this?
Rasoul: Your majesty, meet the King of Thieves.
Aladdin: Dad! 
Rasoul: We seized him in the Treasury. He was after this- -Again.
Aladdin: No.
Rasoul: And this is his accomplice.
Iago: Big misunderstanding! It's a slap on the wrist and, uh, community service kinda thing!
Aladdin: Now I know why you really came back.
Sultan: Your father is the leader of the Forty Thieves? This is most.ooh!
Jasmine: Aladdin, did you know?
Aladdin: I thought I could change him, I had to try!
Cassim: You can change my clothes Aladdin, you can't change who I am.
Rasoul: And the law is crystal clear on what we must now do!
Jasmine: Father, isn't there another way?
Sultan: I'm afraid there is not. Take the prisoners to the dungeon.
Iago: Dungeon?
Sultan: For life.
Iago: Life?
Genie: There's some wishes that even I can't make come true.
Aladdin: The Oracle was right. My dad was trapped in the world of the Forty Thieves. Trapped by his own greed. I was so stupid to think I could change him.
Genie: Trying to show him a better life wasn't stupid, Al. Leaving him alone with the parrot, that was stupid.
Aladdin: Everything was perfect before he came into my life. I just want things the way they were. Genie, I need my father's clothes.
Genie: A A Al, what did you wrap the turban too tight? Come on, why would you want to dress in the 'King of Thieves' ensemble?
Genie: Might I suggest something that doesn't actually say Arrest me!?
Aladdin: It fits. Good.
Genie: I'm seeing, I'm seeing. nothing for your future if you dress like this!
Aladdin: I'm breaking my father out of the dungeon. The guards'll never know I was there. Tonight, the King of Thieves will make his most miraculous escape ever.out of my life. 
Genie: It's the cape talking, isn't it?
Fazal: Since he's captured the King of Thieves, there's no living with Rasoul.
Hakim: Well, it wasn't exactly easy living with him before.
Cassim: Who?
Aladdin: I've come to say goodbye 
Cassim: Why are you.?
Aladdin: We don't have much time. While the guards chase me, you get out. 
Cassim: I can't let you.
Aladdin: Forget it. They can't catch me.
Cassim: He even sounds like me.
Rasoul: When the Sultan gives me my due, I'll put the good word in for you, the little people who. It can't be. He was here, I know it.
Fazal: The King of Thieves!
Hakim: No man can escape that cell!
Fazal: He isn't a man I say, he's a demon!
Rasoul: I want him, dead or alive!
Rasoul: Surround the block! He's close.I can feel it.
Guards: Which way did he go? I don't see him! Look over that way, hurry!
Fazal: There, the King of Thieves, on the roof!
Rasoul: Get up there, now, now, now!
Fazal: Found him!
Hakim: Lost him.
Guards: Which way did he go? I heard him over there.no over there, over there!
Rasoul: Gotcha. The King of Thieves. Your charmed life is over, your majesty! You?
Aladdin: Yes.
Rasoul: Then, I guess I'll have to settle for the Prince of Thieves. We shall see if the Sultan wants you in his family now.
Cassim: Keep your hands off my son!
Aladdin: Dad?
Cassim: Hurry son, we must move!
Aladdin: Did we lose 'em?
Iago: I don't know, but I did lose my lunch back there.
Cassim: They won't be able to pick up our trail until daylight. By then, we'll be long gone from Agrabah. I'm sorry for what you lost, but you can't go back now, you know that. What are you doing?
Aladdin: I'm not going with you.I can't.
Cassim: Well, you can't go back! The moment they saw your face your life in Agrabah was over.
Aladdin: I have to go back. Jasmine is there.
Iago: Kid, it's over, you're a criminal now.
Aladdin: I won't do what he did, I won't run away.
Cassim: I never ran away from anything in my life!
Aladdin: You ran away from your family!
Cassim: I told you what happened. What else could I do, what else can you do?
Aladdin: The right thing. You should take this back. .
Cassim: You can't!
Aladdin: I won't walk out on Jasmine!
Cassim: Aladdin.
Aladdin: I'm your son, but I can't live your life.
Iago: Al, they'll lock you up!
Aladdin: If there's a punishment, I'll take it.
Cassim: So be it.
Iago: We have the Oracle, the treasure's just waitin' for us!
Aladdin: The Oracle?
Cassim: I had nothing left to lose!
Aladdin: Yes, you did.
Iago: It was supposed to be a father son outing.
Aladdin: Go with him, Iago.
Iago: What? Ya mean it? Really?
Aladdin: Go! 
Iago: Good luck, kid.
Fat White Man: The Forty Thieves down to seven. What are we to do?
Skinny, White Man: How did they find us? How did they learn the magic words? Another raid?
Triplets: Not again!
Fat, Asian Man: It is a good day to die!
Sa'luk: Or to come back from the dead!
Fat, White Man: Sa'luk?
Triplets: You're alive?
Skinny, Green Man: Impossible.
Sa'luk: I'm a survivor, like all of you. No thanks to Cassim.
Skinny, White Man: The King?
Fat, Asian Man: You saw him?
Fat, White Man: What's he want us to do now?
Sa'luk: He wants you to rot in the palace dungeon!
Triplets: Bah.the King of Thieves is loyal to the end!
Sa'luk: Pushovers!
Triplets: Ouch.
Sa'luk: He betrayed you, sold you out.
Fat, Asian Man: You have always hated the King. Why should we believe you?
Sa'luk: How do you think the guard got the magic words?
Fat, White Man: He told him the magic words?
Triplets: I don't believe it!
Fat, White Man: Me neither!
Sa'luk: Ha! Ha! You have forgotten what life was like before Cassim.
Sa'luk: I remember a time when crime was sublime There was plenty of loot in the lair. We'd plunder and pillage and ransack a village With nary a worry or care Then along came this king with his soft hearted dream But he ratted us out in the end! So rally the troops, we were meant to regroup. And return to our roots once again. Are you in or out? Gotta know without a doubt I'm the one you need for a dirty deed I'm the best, success is guaranteed Are you men or mice? Take a slice of my advice You want a fearless leader, one that's strong and stout? Better vote for me Are you in or out?
Fat, Asian Man: We used to be smart
Skinny, Green Man: Yes, horrendously heartless
Skinny, White Man: In a ravaging raid we were rough!
Triplets: We knew that we had to be blissfully bad Then Cassim brought this sensitive stuff!
Thieves: And we strayed from the path of our rigorous wrath. Now we're taking a bath in the dust! But we'll reclaim our winnings, our humble beginnings In turmoil and torture, we trust! Are you in or out?
Sa'luk: Double crossers or devout? Put your faith in me, pretty soon you'll see I'm the prince of generosity!
Thieves: Are you foe or friend?
Sa'luk: Here's the path I recommend You wanna ride to fame, I've got the fastest route What's it gonna be? Are you in or out?
Skinny, White Man: We'll go robbing in all the right places
Triplets: From Agrabah dunes to Bali
Skinny, Green Man: Imagine the fear on their faces
Fat, White Man: When we drop by for cookies and tea.
Sa'luk: Come along boys, follow me! Are you in or out? If you're with me, give a shout
Thieves: Yah!
Sa'luk: I'll lead you all the way into the glory days
Thieves: We'll begin a life of crime that pays
Triplet: Are you out or in?
Triplet Make your choice now, sink or swim?
Sa'luk: You can stick with me, or stay behind and pout
Thieves: What's it gonna be?
Sa'luk: Consider carefully
Thieves: Are you in or out?
Iago: I know the treasure's limitless. But I'm not crazy about a forty way split.If it was just uh, you and me.
Cassim: I would never cut my men out of the deal. They're my family, my only family. I can always count on them.
Cassim: I'm home!
Iago: Why don't they look happy to see you?
Sa'luk: We are, we're thrilled! 
Cassim: Hurry, little friend.
Iago: I'm wriggling, I'm wriggling.
Sa'luk: I am growing impatient, Cassim. Ask the question.
Cassim: We must be ah.
Iago: Just a little further.
Cassim: Further out to sea.
Sa'luk: No, ask it now!
Iago: Now's good.
Cassim: Where can we find the Hand of Midas?
Oracle: The Vanishing Isle will appear at dawn. I will show you the way.
Cassim: There's your setting, captain.
Sultan: Frankly, my boy, your actions were most disappointing.
Rasoul: It is tragic your highness, but the street rat has obviously followed in his father's footsteps. Aladdin is a criminal.
Genie: I object, your honor. I object to that outrageous statement. And I object to a tertiary character having any lines during my big courtroom scene. Take this to a higher court, chow! Your honor, if I may enter a plea of insanity, because I'm crazy about this kid! 
Aladdin: Genie, I can handle this myself. Sultan, I convinced my father to come here. It was my fault. I would've been better off if I'd never known him.
Jasmine: Aladdin, you found your father. A father who risked his freedom to see your wedding. And you risked everything to save him. Just as I would for my father.
Sultan: Your father? Well.well yes.Aladdin, I could not overlook your father's crimes, but what you have done, well, you did it out of love. And you came back to take responsibility for your actions. Let us put this matter behind us. I believe we have postponed the wedding long enough.
Genie: Okay, good call! Let's give a big hand for the wise and generous Sultan! 
Iago: Al's dad.Sa'luk.
Jasmine: Just take a deep breath, Iago. Now what about Aladdin's father?
Iago: It's Sa'luk, the guy Al beat. He's not beat, he's back. And he's got Cassim.
Aladdin: That's his problem. He chose to go back to that life.
Genie: Al, your dad's made a lot of bad choices, but that doesn't mean you have to.
Jasmine: He is your father, how can you do anything else?
Aladdin: I'm being as stubborn as he was. Show me the way!
Oracle: You have arrived.
Fat, White Man: Where is it?
Fat, Asian Man: I see nothing. Nothing but fog!
Sa'luk: I've had enough of your trickery!
Cassim: No! This is it. The Vanishing Isle. Watch.
Aladdin: The Vanishing Isle!
Jasmine: On the back of a giant turtle.
Aladdin: And never in the same place twice. Let's get closer.
Genie: Prepare to rock and roll, dudes!
Genie: I am here, I am here.
Genie: How 'bout a packet of Nutty Buddies? 
Aladdin: Genie, we need a distraction.
Genie: Survey says: Show me turtle! Boom! Another fake blow to the head. Boom! Oh no! He's got'em in the half nelson. Now he's got'em in the full nelson. Oh no, the dreaded Ozzie Nelson! Rick, boys, maybe you want to come over here and see what's happening? He's coming in quick. Oh no, he's up, he's down, and he's actually inside the turtle! We'll be right back after a brief message. Tickle, tickle, tickle!
Aladdin: It took me years to find my father. I'm not losing him again!
Cassim: You came to help me? 
Aladdin: How could I do anything else? Now let's get that treasure of yours.
Cassim: Amazing. There! 
Aladdin: Whoa! Feels like Genie got carried away!
Cassim: No! It's the Vanishing Isle! The turtle is diving! We must climb higher!
Cassim: Almost there! Can't you see Aladdin? We were meant to do this together! Come on!
Cassim: Pity I didn't find this place years ago. This would be much easier if I were much younger. Aladdin!
Aladdin: See, it pays to have a junior partner!
Cassim: Be careful! Don't touch the golden hand.
Aladdin: Heads up! 
Cassim: Ha ha! The Hand of Midas! Time to go, Aladdin!
Sa'luk: Nobody's going anywhere. Give the Hand of Midas to me, Cassim, or your son dies.
Cassim: Sa'luk, your battle is with me!
Aladdin: Don't worry, Dad, I can take 'em alone.
Cassim: But you're not alone. Not anymore. You want the Hand of Midas, Sa'luk? Take it! 
Sa'luk: The Hand of Midas is mine! And also, the life of your brat. What are you staring at? no.no.No.NO.Ahhhh! 
Cassim: Hurry, son! We're running out of time.
Aladdin: Come on, Dad. You can do it!
Cassim: Yes. But it would be a lot easier without this. 
Aladdin: After all these years, you finally have your treasure.
Cassim: This thing? No. This retched thing almost cost me the Ultimate Treasure. It's you, son. You are my Ultimate Treasure. I'm just sorry it took me this long to realize it. The Hand of Midas can take its curse to the bottom of the sea! 
Fat, White Man: It's gold. It's turned everything to solid gold!
Skinny, White Man: We are sinking!
Iago: I didn't see where they went it, they could be anywhere!
Jasmine: There they are!
Cassim: Get up here you blasted rug!
Aladdin: You actually trust this thing?
Cassim: With my life, son.
Aladdin: Genie?
Aladdin: Genie?
Genie: Present!
Aladdin: Let's go home. We have some unfinished business.
Sultan: Yes!
Iago: Out in the open? No mask? Pretty risky if you ask me.
Cassim: Even a wanted man can risk a bit to see his own son's wedding. So, you little turkey, come to say goodbye?
Iago: Nah, I already said my goodbyes. Of course, the monkey had a cry, and that got me goin'.
Cassim: You're not going to live in the palace?
Iago: With the newly weds? It'll be too lovey dovey! I just as soon keep my will to live.
Cassim: Well, I don't know where I'm going, but you're welcome to come along for the ride.
Iago: You're a good guy, Cassim, but not good. Ha Ha! .
Merchant: So it goes short and sweet They were wed down the street May their marriage be truly blessed Happy end to the tale And tomorrow's a sale So I'd better go home and rest Here's a kiss and a hug Sure you don't need a rug? I assure the price is right Well, salaam worthy friend Come back soon, that's the end Till another Arabian Night.
