Elinor: Where are you? Come out! Come out! Come on out! I’m coming to get you! Where are you, you little rascal? I’m coming to get you! Hmm. Where is my little Birthday girl, hm? I’m going to gobble her up when I find her! I’m going to eat you! Ach! Fergus, no weapons on the table! 
Young Merida: Can I shoot an arrow? Can I? Can I? Can I? Can I? Please, can I? 
Fergus: Not with that. Why not use you very own? Now, there’s a good girl. listen. Draw all the way back now to your cheek. That’s right, keep both eyes open, and…boost. 
Young Merida: I missed it.
Elinor: Go and fetch it, then. A bow, Fergus? She’s a lady! [Fergus pinches Elinor’s behind playfully and laughs] 
Young Merida: A Will O’ the Wisp. They are real. 
Elinor: Merida! Come on, sweetheart, we’re leaving now… 
Young Merida: I saw a wisp! I saw a wisp!
Elinor: A wisp? You know, some say that Will O’ the Wisps lead you to your fate.
Fergus: Oh, aye! Or an arrow! Come on, let’s be off. Before we see a dancing charging bubu or a giant… 
Elinor: Your father doesn’t believe in magic.
Young Merida: Well he should, cause it’s true. 
Fergus: Mor’du! Elinor, hide! [Elinor and Merida run off, one of Fergus’ men passes a spear to him, Fergus charges towards Mor’du but he snaps off Fergus’ spear, then we see Elinor and Merida escape on horseback, then Fergus holds up his sword at Mor’du and shouts] Come on, you! [suddenly Mor’du lunges forward and the screen goes blank]
Merida: Some say our destiny is tied to the land, as much a part of us as we are of it. Others say fate is woven together like a cloth, so that one’s destiny intertwines with many others. It’s the one thing we search for, or fight to change. Some never find it. But there are some who are led. The story of how my father lost his leg to the demon bear, Mor’du, became legend. I became a sister to three new brothers, the princes. Hamish, Hubert and Harris. Wee devils more like. They get away with murder! I can never get away with anything! I’m the princess. I’m the example. I’ve got duties, responsibilities, expectations. My whole life is planned out, until the day I become, well, my mother. She’s in charge of every single day of my life. 
Merida: A Robyn, jolly Robyn, and thou shalt knowe of myn.
Elinor: Project! 
Merida: And thou shalt knowe of myn…
Elinor: Pronounciate! You must be understood from anywhere in the room, or it’s all for naught. 
Merida: This is all for naught.
Elinor: I heard that! From the top. A princess must be knowledgeable about her kingdom. She doesn’t make doodle! That’s a C, dear. A princess does not chortle! Doesn’t stuff her gob! [then we see Elinor opening the curtains in Merida’s room to wake Merida] Rises early… Is compassionate… [then at the King’s throne] Patient! Cautious! [in Merida’s room] Clean! And above all, a princess strives for…well, perfection! 
Merida: But every once in a while, there’s a day when I don’t have to be a princess. No lessons, no expectations. A day where anything can happen. A day when I can change my fate. [we see Merida as she riding into the forest, shooting her arrows at different targets, then sitting near the cliff’s edge and carves on her bow, then see climbs a rock and when she reaches the top she drinks from the waterfall nearby and the screams and jumps up and down in excitement] I’m starving. You’re hungry too, I guess. Poof! [then Merida enters the kitchen and is greeted by the kitchen staff, Merida then sneakes some food from the table and enters the dining hall, she goes and hears her father reciting his tale of his fight with Mor’du]
Fergus: From nowhere, the biggest bear you’ve ever seen! Its hide littered with the weapons of fallen warriors. Its face scarred with one dead eye. I threw my sword and…
Merida: Whoosh! One swipe, his sword shattered, then, chomp! Dad’s leg was clean off! Down that monster’s throat it went.
Fergus: Awwwwww! That’s my favorite part!
Merida: Mor’du has never been seen since. And he’s roaming the wild, awaiting his chance for revenge.
Fergus: Let him return, I’ll finish what I gobbled in the first place. 
Elinor: Merida, a princess does not place her weapons on the table.
Merida: Mom! It’s just my bow.
Elinor: A princess should not have weaponry in my opinion.
Fergus: Leave her be! Princess or not, learning to fight is essential.
Merida: Mom, you’ll never guess what I did today.
Elinor: Hmm?
Merida: I climbed the Crone’s Tooth and drank from the Fire Falls.
Fergus: Fire Falls? They say only the ancient kings were brave enough to drink the fire. [Fergus laughs and winks at Merida, Elinor is distracted as she’s reading a letter]
Elinor: What did you do, dear? [Merida is disappointed as Elinor hadn’t heard her story]
Merida: Nothing, mom. [referring to Merida’s plate of desserts she’s brought to the dinner table]
Elinor: Hungry aren’t we?
Merida: Mom!
Elinor: You’ll get dreadful collywobbles. Oh, Fergus! Will you look at your daughter’s plate? [Fergus looks as he’s about to take a bite from his large pile of food on his plate] Fergus, they’ve all accepted.
Merida: Who’s accepted what, mother? 
Elinor: Boys, you are excused. 
Merida: What did I do now?
Elinor: Your father has something to discuss with you. Fergus? 
Fergus: Merida… 
Elinor: The lords are presenting their sons as suitors for your betrothal.
Merida: What?
Elinor: The clans have accepted!
Merida: Dad!
Fergus: What? I…you…she…Elinor!
Elinor: Honestly, Merida! I don’t know why you’re acting this way. This year each clan will present a suitor to compete in the games for your hand.
Merida: I suppose a princess just does what she’s told!
Elinor: A princess does not raise her voice. Merida, this is what you’ve been preparing for your whole life.
Merida: No! It’s what you’ve been preparing me for my whole life! I won’t go through with it! You can’t make me!
Elinor: Merida! 
Fergus: Merida! Boys! 
Merida: Mother! Suitors! Marriage!
Elinor: Once there was an ancient kingdom.
Merida: Aah! Mom! Ancient kingdom!
Elinor: It’s name long forgotten, ruled by a wise and fair king who was much beloved. And when he grew old he divided the kingdom among his four sons. That they should be the pillars on which their piece of land rested. But the oldest prince wanted to rule the land for himself, he followed his own path and the kingdom fell, from war and chaos and ruin.
Merida: That’s a nice story.
Elinor: It’s not just a story, Merida. Legends are lessons and they ring with truths.
Merida: Ach, mom!
Elinor: I would advise you to make your peace with this. The clans are coming to present their suitors.
Merida: It’s not fair!
Elinor: Oh, Merida! It’s marriage, it’s not the end of the world. [Elinor walks out of Merida’s room and Merida slams the door shut in anger] 
Fergus: You’re muttering.
Elinor: I don’t mutter.
Fergus: Aye, you do. You mutter, lass, when something’s troubling you.
Elinor: I blame you. Stubbornness is entirely from your side of the family.
Fergus: I take it the talk didn’t go too well.
Elinor: I don’t know what to do.
Fergus: Speak to her, dear.
Elinor: I do speak to her, she just doesn’t listen!
Fergus: Come on, now. Pretend I’m Merida. Speak to me. What would you say?
Elinor: I can’t do this!
Fergus: Sure you can. There! There! That’s my queen! Right, here we go. I don’t want to get married! I want to stay single and let my hair flow in the wind as I ride through the glen, firing arrows into the sunset. 
Elinor: Merida, all this work, all the time spent preparing you, schooling you, giving you everything we never had, I ask you, what do you expect us to do? 
Merida: Call off the gathering! Would that kill them? You’re the queen, you can just tell the lords, the princess is not ready for this. In fact, she might not be ever ready for this! So that’s that! Good day to you. So you expect your declarations of war in the morning. 
Elinor: I understand this must all seem unfair, even I have reservations when I faced betrothal.
Fergus: Hey!
Elinor: We can’t just run away from who we are. 
Merida: I don’t want my life to be over. I want my freedom! 
Elinor: But are you willing to pay the price your freedom will cost?
Merida: I’m not doing any of this to hurt you!
Elinor: If you could just try to see what I do, I do out of love.
Merida: But it’s my life! I’m just not ready!
Elinor: I think you’d see, if you could just…
Merida: I think I could make you understand, if you would just…
Elinor: Listen!
Merida: Listen! [Merida’s horse neighs in response] I swear, Angus, this isn’t going to happen. Not if I can help it. 
Elinor: You look absolutely beautiful.
Merida: I…I can’t breath!
Elinor: Give us a twirl. 
Merida: I can’t move! It’s too tight!
Elinor: It’s perfect. Merida.
Merida: Mom?
Elinor: Just…remember to smile. 
Fergus: So, here we are! The four clans! Uh…gathering…uh…for… [Elinor exasperated by Fergus’ slowness gets up and finishes his sentence]
Elinor: The presentation of the suitors! 
Fergus: The presentation of the suitors! Clan Macintosh!
Lord Macintosh: Your majesty, I present my heir and sire, who defended our land from the northern invaders and, with his own sword, stabbed and vanquished thousands more! 
Fergus: Clan MacGuffin!
Lord MacGuffin: Your majesty, I present my eldest son, who scuttled the Viking war ships with his bare hands. Vanquished two thousand more. [Lord MacGuffin’s son breaks a thick plank of wood in half to show his strength and the crowd cheers]
Fergus: Clan Dingwall! 
Lord Dingwall: I present my only son, who was besieged by ten thousand romans and he took out their whole armor single handedly, with one arm. He was… With one arm, he was steering the ship, and with the other he held his mighty sword and struck down a whole attacking fleet. 
Voice in the Crowd: Lies!
Lord Dingwall: What? I heard that! Aye! Say it to my face! Or are you a scared sniffling jackanape? Afraid to muss your pretty hair?
Lord Macintosh: At least we have hair!
Lord MacGuffin: And all our teeth! [MacGuffin’s son speak,s but his accent is so thick that no one can understand him]
Lord Macintosh: And we don’t hide under breeches, you grumpy old troll! 
Lord Dingwall: You wanna laugh, huh? Wee Dingwall! 
Fergus: Now, that’s all done! You’ve had your go at each other, show a little decorum. But no more fighting! [the triplets sneak up and smash Lord Dingwall’s toe, as he shouts in pain he gets hit in the face and the fighting starts all over again, with Fergus jumping in to join the fight, Elinor then gets up walks through the crowd and brings back Fergus and the clan leaders]
Lord Macintosh: Sorry, me queen. I feel terrible. My humblest apologies.
Lord Dingwall: Sorry.
Lord MacGuffin: No disrespect.
Fergus: Sorry, love. I…I didn’t… Yes, dear. 
Elinor: Now then, where were we? Ah, yes. In accordance with our laws, by the rights of our heritage, only the first born of each of the great leaders may be presented as champion.
Merida: First born?
Elinor: And thus, compete for the hand of the princess of DunBroch. To win the fair maiden, they must prove their worth by feets of strength or arms in the games. It is customary for the challenge be determined by the princess herself. 
Merida: Archery! Archery! I choose archery. 
Elinor: Let the games begin! 
Fergus: It’s time!
Elinor: Archers, to your marks!
Fergus: Aye! Archers, to…your marks!
Elinor: And may the lucky arrow find its target! [the crowd cheers as the young clan’s sons get ready to shoot their arrows]
Fergus: Oi! Get on with it! 
Merida: I bet he wishes he was tossing cabers.
Fergus: Holding up bridges! 
Young Macintosh: Nooo! Aaahh!
Lord Macintosh: At least you hit the target! 
Merida: Oh, that’s attractive. 
Voice in the Crowd: I got it! 
Merida: Good arm!
Fergus: And such lovely flowing locks.
Elinor: Fergus.
Fergus: What? [when it’s young Dingwall’s turn at the archery, he struggles to hold the bow]
Lord Dingwall: Well done! Well done! 
Fergus: Well, that’s just grand now, isn’t it? Guess who’s coming to dinner?
Elinor: Fergus!
Fergus: By the way, hope you don’t mind being called lady Ding… 
Merida: I am Merida, first born descendant of Clan DunBroch. And I’ll be shooting for my own hand! Merida! This dress! Merida, stop this! Don’t you dare release another arrow! Merida, I forbid it! [at that moment Merida shoot the arrow and hits the center of the target, splitting young Dingwall’s arrow in half] [after Merida’s actions at the clan gathering, Elinor drags and throws Merida into the tapestry room] I don’t believe you! I’ve just about had enough of you, lass!
Merida: You’re the one that want me to…!
Elinor: You just embarrassed them! You embarrassed me!
Merida: I followed the rules!
Elinor: You don’t know what you’ve done!
Merida: I don’t care how…
Elinor: They’ll be fire and sword if it’s not set right.
Merida: Just listen!
Elinor: I am the queen! You listen to me!
Merida: Oh! This is so unfair!
Elinor: Huh! Unfair?
Merida: You’re never there for me! This whole marriage is what you want! Do you ever bother to ask what I want? No! You walk around telling me what to do, what not to do! Trying to make me be like you! Well, I’m not going to be like you!
Elinor: Ach! You’re acting like a child!
Merida: And you’re a beast! That’s what you are! 
Elinor: Merida!
Merida: I will never be like you! 
Elinor: No! Stop that!
Merida: I’d rather die than be like you! [suddenly Merida slashes the tapestry, Elinor is so upset that she takes Merida’s bow]
Elinor: Merida, you are a princess! I expect you to act line one! [Elinor throws Merida’s bow the fire, shocked at her mother, Merida runs out of the room] Merida! Merida! Oh, no! What have I done? [after tearfully running away from the castle, Merida weeps as she rides Angus until they come across the Ring of Stones and a trail of will o’ the wisps leads them to a cottage where an old woman is making wood carvings of bears]
The Witch: Oh, look around. You holler if you see anything you like. Everything is half off.
Merida: Uh…who are you?
The Witch: Just a humble woodcarver.
Merida: Um…I don’t understand. [as the old woman is showing her her bear woodcarvings, Merida notices the old woman’s broom is sweeping the floor by itself]
Merida: Your broom! It was sweeping by itself!
The Witch: That’s ridiculous! Wood cannot be imbued with magical property. I should know, I’m a wi…whistler…of wood! [as Merida goes to touch the witch’s crow] That’s stuffed. 
The Crow: Stay off the crow!
Merida: Aah! The crow’s talking!
The Crow: See what else I can do! La-la-la-la-la…. 
Merida: You’re a witch!
The Witch: Woodcarver!
Merida: That’s why the wisp led me to you!
The Witch: Woodcarver!
Merida: You’ll change my fate!
The Witch: Woodcarver!
Merida: You see, it’s my mother.
The Witch: I’m not a witch! Too many unsatisfied customers! If you’re not going to buy anything, get out!
Merida: No, the wisp led me here!
The Witch: I don’t care! Get out! Shoo! Get! Be gone with you! 
Merida: I’ll buy it all! 
The Witch: What…what’s that?
Merida: Every carving. 
The Witch: And how are you going to pay for that?
Merida: With this. 
The Witch: Oh, my! Lovely, that is!
The Crow: That’ll set up for months. [the floating knives fall as the witch tries grabs Merida’s necklace, but Merida pulls it away]
Merida: Every carving, and one spell.
The Witch: Are you sure you know what you’re doing?
Merida: I want a spell to change my mom. That will change my fate.
The Witch: Done! 
Merida: Where are you going? What are you doing?
The Witch: Never conjure where you carve, very important. The last time I did this was for a prince.
The Crow: Easy on the eye. Fantastic.
The Witch: He demanded I give him the strength of ten men, and he gave me this. For a spell. A spell that would change his fate.
Merida: And did he get what he was after?
The Witch: Oh! Yes! And made off with an especially attractive mahogany cheese board. Now, let’s see. What have we here? 
Merida: Uh…a cake?
The Witch: You don’t want it?
Merida: Yes! I want it! You’re sure if I give this to my mom, it will change my fate?
The Witch: Oh, trust me! It’ll do the trick, dearie. Expect delivery of your purchase within a fortnight. Oh! Oh! What was that thing about the spell?
Merida: Did you say something…about…the spell? 
Elinor: Merida!
Merida: Mom! Oh…uh…I…um…
Elinor: Oh, I’ve been worried sick!
Merida: You…you were?
Elinor: I didn’t know where you’d gone or when you’d come back! I didn’t know what to think! Oh, look at you dress!
Merida: Oh, Angus threw me. But I’m not hurt.
Elinor: Well, you’re home now. So that’s the end of it.
Merida: Honestly?
Elinor: I’ve pacified the lords for now. You’re father’s out there ‘entertaining’ them. Of course, we both know a decision still has to be made. What’s this?
Merida: It’s a peace offering. I made it, for you! 
Elinor: You made this for me? Mm. [Elinor’s face suddenly screws up]
Merida: How do you feel?
Elinor: What…what is that?
Merida: Different?
Elinor: Tart, and um…gamy! 
Merida: Have you changed your mind at all about the marriage and all that? 
Elinor: Now, why don’t we go upstairs to the lords and put this whole kerfuffle to rest? Oh!
Merida: Mother?
Elinor: I’m woozy suddenly. Oh, my head’s spinning like a drop! [Merida catches Elinor as she’s about to fall]
Merida: Mom!
Elinor: Oh! Suddenly I’m not well.
Merida: Uh…how do you feel about the marriage now?
Elinor: Merida! Ah! Will you take me to my room?
Lord MacGuffin: Queen! We’ve been waiting, patiently.
Elinor: My lords, I am out of sorts at the moment. But you shall have your answer… …presently. Now, if you’ll excuse us. 
Merida: Just take all the time you need to get yourself right, mom. And maybe in a bit you might have something new to say on the marriage?
Elinor: What was in that cake?
Merida: Cake! Mom? So, I…I’ll just tell them the wedding’s off then? Mom? Bear! Mom, you’re….you’re a bear! You’re a bear! Oh, that scatty witch gave me a gammy spell!! It’s not my fault! I didn’t ask her to change you into a bear. I just wanted her to change…you. There’s no point in having a go at me! The witch is to blame! Googly eye! I’ll go over to her place. Unbelievable! I’ll get her to fix this. Mom, you can’t go out there! Mom! What are you doing! Dad! The Bear King! If he so much as sees you, you’re dead! [suddenly Merida hears Fergus, who’s heard the commotion and is heading towards them followed by the lords, Elinor heads the other way and Merida follows her] Mom! Wait! [trying to stop Elinor from sneaking out, Merida snatches off Elinor’s bed sheet that she’s wrapped around herself] Stop! You’re covered with fur! You’re not naked! It’s not like anyone’s gonna see you! [at that moment they see the triplet’s nanny standing in the hallway looking at them in shock, Elinor waves at her and she screams and runs off] Now you’ve done it. A witch turned mom into a bear. It’s not my fault. We’ve got to get out of the castle. I need your help! Oh, alright! You can have my deserts for two…three weeks! Okay, fine! A year. They’ll be fine. Won’t you, boys? Mom, we’ve got to hurry! Now, I’ll be back soon. Go on and help yourself to anything you want, as a reward. [Merida closes the door, the triplets turn and see the half eaten witch’s tart and head towards it] Where are these wisps? Come out wisps. Come on out! Lead me to the witch’s cottage! I’m here. Fine, don’t come out now that my mom’s watching! I was standing right here, and the wisp appeared right there! Then a whole trail of them led me off into the forest. Does she think that I just happened upon a witch’s cottage? Oh, mom! I know this place. The witch’s cottage is this way! Come on! Hurry! [Merida starts running ahead and finds the witch’s cottage] I can’t believe it! I found it! No! No! No! No! [in the witch’s cottage, Merida accidentally sets off a Rube Goldberg machine which brings up the witch’s cauldron with a ghostly image of the witch appearing above it]
The Witch: Welcome to the Crafty Carver, home of bear carvings and novelties. I am completely out of stock at this time, but if you’d like to inquire about a portrait or wedding cake toppers, pour via; one into the cauldron. If you’d like a bedouin garlic, vial two. If you’re that red-haired lass, vial three. Princess, I’m off to the Wickerman’s festival in Stoneleigh. I won’t be back till spring. There’s one bit I forgot to tell you about the spell. By the second sunrise, your spell will be permanent, unless you remember these words; ‘Fate be changed, look inside. Mend the bond torn by pride.’
Merida: Fate be changed? Mend the bond? What does that mean?
The Witch: One more time. ‘Fate be changed, look inside. Mend the bond torn by pride.’ That’s it! Ta-ta! Oh, and thank you for shopping at the Crafty Carver! [and suddenly the witch’s ghostly image disappears]
Merida: No! No! Where did you go! [suddenly the witch’s ghostly image appears again and starts giving the same message, Merida starts pouring in all the vials into the cauldron in panic and accidently blows the cauldron and the cottage disappears] [after the witch’s cottage disappears, it starts to rain, Merida builds a shelter for Elinor and turns to her] We’ll sort it out tomorrow. 
Elinor: Hey, wee lassy. I’m here. I’ll always be right here. 
Merida: Uh…good morning. So, what’s all this supposed to be? Sorry, I don’t speak bear. Oh! [Merida removes her bow and Elinor starts eating the berries she’s gathered for breakfast] Find those by the creek, did you? They’re Nightshade berries. They’re poisonous. [suddenly Elinor spits out the berries she’d just put in her mouth and in panic drinks some water] Where did you get this water? It has worms! Come on. Oh, wait! A princess should not have weapons, in your opinion. There you go. Go on. [the fish flaps as it’s still alive and Elinor turns away in disgust] How do you know you don’t like it if you won’t try it? Mom, come back! Mom, is that you? Mom? You changed! Like you were a…I mean, like you were a bear on the inside. Mom, look! Why did the wisps bring us here? Whoever they were, they’ve been gone for a long long tim… I’m fine, mom! Fine! It’s a…throne room. Do you suppose this could have been the kingdom in that story you were telling me? The one with the princes? One, two, three, four. The oldest. Like…like the tapestry. The spell! It’s happened before! The strength of ten men. Fate be changed. Changed with fate. Oh, no! The prince became… Mor’du! [after escaping from Mor’du] Mom, we need to get back to the castle. If we don’t hurry, you’ll become like Mor’du! A bear! A real bear! Forever! Mend the bond torn by pride. The witch gave us the answer. The tapestry! Yours was an alliance forged in bravery and friendship and it lives to this day. I’ve been selfish. I tore a great rift in our kingdom. There’s no one to blame but me. And I know now that I need to amend my mistake and mend our bond. And so, there is the matter of my betrothal. I decided to do what’s right, and… And…and break tradition. My mother, the queen, feels…uh, in her heart, that I…that we be free to…write our own story. Follow our hearts, and find love in our time. 
Lord Dingwall: Beautiful.
Merida: The queen and I put the decision to you my lords. Might our young people decide for themselves who they will love?
Lord Dingwall: Huh?
Lord Macintosh: Well, since you’ve obviously made up your minds about this, I have one thing to say. This is…
Young Macintosh: A grand idea! Give us our own say in choosing our fates?
Lord Macintosh: What?
Young Dingwall: Aye! Why shouldn’t we choose?
Lord Dingwall: But she’s the princess!
Young Dingwall: I didn’t pick her out. It was your idea. 
Lord MacGuffin: And you, do you feel the same way? Well, that’s it. Let these lads try win her heart before they win her hand, if they can!
Lord Dingwall: I say the wee Dingwall has a fighting chance!
Lord Macintosh: Fine then! Seems for once we agree! It was my idea in the first place. [after the lords have decided that their sons try and win Merida’s heart]
Fergus: Just like your mom, you devil. [Merida turns and notices a guard staring at Elinor’s frozen pose as a stuffed bear and tries to distract everyone] Everyone! To the cellar! Lets crack open the king’s private reserves to celebrate! 
Fergus: Woh! Woh! Woh! Bring them tiny glasses. The tapestry! Mend the bonds. Mend the bonds! Stitched up! This will change you back, we just needle and thread. Mom! Mom, not now! No! Please, not now! Mom! [Merida hears Fergus’ laughter outside the room and tries to quieten Elinor] [after Fergus thinks that Elinor has been attacked by a bear, he goes to look for her and finds Merida in the tapestry room with Elinor who’s turned wild]
Fergus: Merida!
Merida: Dad, no! It’s not what you think!
Fergus: Merida, get back! [Fergus goes to attack the bear, not realizing that it’s Elinor]
Merida: No! No, dad! Don’t hurt her! 
Fergus: Merida! No! 
Merida: No! Mom! [Elinor notices the claw mark on Merida’s dress and feels ashamed] It’s alright. I’m alright. It’s nothing. It’s just a little scratch! Mom! 
Merida: Dad!
Fergus: Oh, count your stars, lass. It almost had you. Are you hurt?
Merida: It’s your wife, Elinor!
Fergus: You’re talking nonsense!
Merida: It’s the truth! There was a witch and she gave me a spell. It’s not Mor’du!
Fergus: Mor’du or not, I’ll avenge your mother! I’ll not risk losing you!
Merida: No, dad! Just listen to me! 
Fergus: Listen, you can’t! It’s your mother, Elinor! 
Merida: Oh, no! [she realizes the triplets have been turned into little bear cubs after eating the witch’s tart] Maudie! Get the key. Get back! That’s my mother!
Fergus: Are you out of your mind, lass?
Merida: Mom, are you hurt? 
Fergus: Merida! 
Merida: I’ll not let you kill my mother! Boys!
Fergus: Boys? [at that moment Mor’du appears]
Merida: Mor’du! 
Fergus: Kill it! [they all go after Mor’du and start attacking him, the bear then captures Merida, when Elinor notices this she breaks free from her bonds and attacks Mor’du, she smashes him against a stone pillar which then cracks and crushes him to death, then the spirit of the prince is released and he nods to Elinor and Merida to thank them before disappearing] [after Mor’du is killed, Merida notices the sun has risen]
Merida: The second sunrise! [she runs and grabs the tapestry that she’s mended and throws it around Elinor, but realizes nothing’s happening] Oh, no! I don’t understand. I… Oh, mom, I’m sorry. This is all my fault. I did this to you, to us. You’ve always been there for me. You’ve never given up on me. I just need you back. I want you back, mommy. I love you. Mom! You’re back! You’ve changed!
Elinor: Oh, darling. We both have. 
Fergus: Elinor! 
Elinor: Oh, dear! 
Merida: Oh, mom!
Elinor: Ooh! Um…dear?
Fergus: Huh?
Elinor: I’m naked. Naked as a wee baby. Well don’t just stare! Do something! 
Fergus: What the…? Back your eyes, lads! Show some respect! Now that’s what I call a wee naked baby! 
Merida: Some say fate is beyond our command, but I know better. Our fate lives within us. You just have to be brave enough to see it. 
The Crow: Delivery! Sign here, sign here. [a scroll and feather hover in front of the crow, then we see the whole of the witch’s massive collection of bear sculptures which Merida had bought earlier behind the crow] Come on, Bird-brain. I haven’t got all day. 
