Connie: Mitchie! Up! Last day of school! “Who Will I Be? WoaaaahhhYea…. yea, yea, yeaHow to choose,Who to beWell let’s seeThere's so many choices now,Play guitar, Be a movie starIn my head a voice says-Why, not Try everything?Why, stop Reach for any dreamI can rockCause’ it's my lifeand now's the time.CHORUS Who will I beIt's up to meAll the never ending possibilitiesThat I can seeThere's nothing that I can't doWho will I beYes I believeI get to make the future what I want to If I can become any one and know the choice is up to me-Who will I be, I wanna find the, who I am inside Who will I be I wanna show the, the way that I can shiiiiiiiiine. Who Will I be?! 
Mitchie: Oh cool, Hot Tunes is on. turn it up please.
TV Announcer: The pop star phenol Shane Grey may have gone too far this time when he stormed off the set of the new Connect 3 music video. Word is, the other members of Connect 3 are fed up. This final stunt cost his label thousands of dollars, but may cost them, the rest of their record deal.
Connie: What is wrong with that boy? He’s got everything.
Mitchie: except a clue.
TV Announcer: The message is clear; he needs to clean up his act. And to give him time to do it, the Connect 3 summer tour has been canceled.
Connie: Look what I found in the crisper! a Camp Rock brochure. Or should I say another Camp Rock brochure?
Mitchie: Hmm, look at that! Oh, and great cheese omelet by the way! You should definitely add that to your catering menu.
Connie: so you have no idea how that got in there? Or the one taped to the vacuum cleaner? 
Connie: Sweetie, I know you wanna go to this camp, and I’m sorry but we just can’t swing it right now with dad expanding the store and my catering business just taking off.awh honey I’m sorry.
Mitchie: I know. Uhm… gotta go… last day of school, don’t wanna be late. *Get’s up and walks away, Connie sighs* SCENE ENDS
Sierra: Hey Mitchie!
Mitchie: Hey Sierra.
Sierra: Let me be the first to say xin xia ji Mitchie. It means happy summer Mitchie. Guess who got an A+ in AP Mandarin? Me! Again. Ah! So, how’d it go this morning?
Mitchie: It didn’t. Camp Rock is a no go.
Sierra: But, you have to go Camp Rock is like, THE music camp. Anybody who wants to be somebody music Oh which… you already know… sorry.
Mitchie: Me too, I was just so excited to have a summer that was all about music, and—
Sierra: I know. So, what are you going to do this summer? 
Steve: So, how was work?
Mitchie: Uhh, you know Baranese; we serve burgers with a Baranese smile. So, what’s for dinner?
Steve: Burgers.
Connie: Well, our world famous Torres burger.
Mitchie: Uhm, I’ll pass.
Steve: Okay, I can’t stand it, tell her.
Connie: Well, Steve, she just got home.
Mitchie: *Not wanting to hear what’s next* Tell me what..?
Connie: Okay honey, drum roll!
Mitchie: Mom!
Connie: Okay!. You’re goin’ to Camp Rock!
Mitchie: What?!
Steve: She said- you’re going to Camp Rock!
Connie: Well actually we’re going. Connie’s catering is going camping! Business is slow in the summer, this is a steady job, and you get to go to camp at a discounted rate!
Mitchie: 
Connie: But you have to help out in the kitchen.
Mitchie: Thank you! Thank you like a million times! SCENE ENDS
Mitchie: We’re here!
Connie: Yea! Are you excited?
Mitchie: A little… okay a lot! Major! Thank you mom! Im’mna have so much fun! Whoa! whooaa.
Connie: Okaayy sweetie let’s get settled in.
Mitchie: settled.
Brown: That’s great! Brown Cesario: Camp director slash founding member and bass guitar of the Wet Crows. And you must be Connie Torres: Our new cook!
Connie: That’s me! And this is my daughter uhh… Who’s already gone.
Brown: Ahh no worries, she probably just wanted to get out there, get to it, you know what I mean? When the music calls, you’ve got’to answer.
Connie: I can’t wait for you to meet her though; she has got a great voice! Look at me I’m already bragging.
Brown: Oh! You got’to brag love! Learned that from the mixta. Jagga. 
Connie: You knew Mc’ Jagger??
Brown: Yeahhh! Backed him up for years. Great times, great times. But not as great as the time when I taught Aerosmith…
Connie: Awh, you knew Aerosmith?!
Mitchie: Sorry, I didn’t.I didn’t see you!
Tess: Obviously. 
Caitlyn: That’s Tess Tyler, the diva of Camp Rock.
Mitchie: Is she really good?
Caitlyn: She’s good at trying too hard to be good. Understandable cause’ her mom’s T.J. Tyler.
Mitchie: The T.J. Tyler? She’s got like a trillion Grammys!
Caitlyn: A trillion and one, I think. Hi, I’m Caitlyn: camper today, top selling music producer tomorrow. Check me out. 
Mitchie: Cool! I’m Mitchie.
Caitlyn: Hi.
Dee La Duke: Hi gang! I’m Dee La Duke: the musical director here at Camp Rock!
Dee La Duke: Here at Camp Rock we siiinng! So let’s hear that again!
Dee La Duke: Sounds good, a little pitchy in places, but we’ll fix that by the final jam.
Barron: Hey! Here to rock it out!
Sander: At least I know we’re new. 
Barron: We plan to be tha winnas-
Barron/Sander: On stage at final jam! B: Holla! J: Holla! B/J: Put hands up -
B: Hey Hey
S: C’mon everybody get’cha hands up! Hey
Dee La Duke: Okay! Okay! Settle down! You’re having too much fun! Okay, this summer is not just about the final jam, we have a lot of work to do! You’re gonna get new music skills, you’re gonna find your sound, create your own style Holla! And figure out who you wanna be as an artist but most of all, have fun!
Dee La Duke: Aaand, drum roll please! For the first time, we’re gonna be joined at camp by a very special celebrity instructor!
Shane: I don’t wanna waste my summer at some camp! I’m Shane Gray for crying out loud!
Nate: Hey man, we used to love this place, three years ago, we were campers.
Jason: Yea Man, this is where Connect 3, connected!
Nate: and you get to see your Uncle Brown.
Shane: Ha. Not a selling point.
Nate: Look man, right now, you’re the bad boy of the press, and the label has a problem with that, which means- we have a problem with that.
Jason: Actually, I don’t really have a problem with that. We have a problem with that.
Nate: This camp thing is supposed to fix it. It’s good P.R., so do your time. Enjoy the fresh air, get a tan.
Jason: Oh! And can you make me a birdhouse or something?
Shane: One word- payback.
Jason: That’s 2 words!
Nate: By the way, we told the press you’d be recording a duet with the winner of Final Jam.
Shane: What! 
Brown: Shane! (I think it’s) what’s the haps man?
Shane: Hey what’s up? Nothing bro. 
Connie: I hear there’s an open mic tonight.
Mitchie: Yeaa.
Connie: Are you gonna sing?
Mitchie: In front of all those people? No way.
Connie: Sweetie, I hear you in your room! You’re really good! Mom’s honor. and if you’re nervous, so what. Everyone is nervous. That’s why I’m makin’ so much food tonight because people eat when they’re nervous.
Mitchie: Not me, I don’t think I can eat another burger, ever.
Connie: Okay, why don’t you go take the trash out to the dumpster and then set up in the mess hall? I’ll finish up here. 
Girls’ voices: You think you’re hot but I’m sorry you’re not, ex-act-ly who, you think you are. Can’t tell you what, that you haven’t got, but when we walk into the room.
Tess: Once again from the top, girls.
Girls’ voices: You think you’re hot but I’m sorry you’re not, ex-act-ly who, you think you are. Can’t tell you what, that you haven’t got, but when we walk into the room.
Tess: Work with me here people!
Peggy: Hel-lo! We’re trying but you’re—
Tess: If we wanna win, you guys have to listen to me! Let’s go again.
Girls’ voices: You think you’re hot but I’m sorry you’re not, ex-act-ly who you think you are, Can’t tell you what… 
Shane: C’mon guys! I learned my lesson, I showered in cold water, I looked at a tree, it’s been three hours, I need hair product.
Nate: I guess it’s time to embrace the “natural look”
Jason: Uh, have fun! 
Shane: Guys!..? 
Screaming girls: Ah! There he is! 
Screaming Girls: Where’d he go?!
: Do you know what it’s like, To feel so in the dark? To dream about a life, Where you’re the shining star. Even though it seems, Like it’s too far away- I have to believe, in myself… It’s the only way. This is real, this is me- I’m exactly where I’m supposed to be now. Gonna let the light Shine on me Now I’ve found Who I am, there’s no way to hold it in- No more hiding who I wanna be, This is me. 
Shane: Hello? Hello? Who’s in here?
Connie: There you are ! I’ve got all the food set up so you, princess, are free.
Mitchie: gotta find something to wear.
Connie: Honey, it’s camp, it’s not a fashion show.
Mitchie: Have you seen these kids? They have a lot! My usual is not going to cut it.
Connie: Aw, I think you look cute! In a non-mom way. Totally.
Mitchie: This, this is safe.
Connie: It’s also mine. Honey, wear your own clothes. You’ll be fine. Ugh, be yourself. Oh those are pretty. 
Mitchie: Hey Caitlyn.
Caitlyn: Hey Mitchie, this is Lola. Lola, Mitchie.
Lola: So, is this your first year?
Mitchie: Yeaah, any advice?
Lola: You’re gonna love it here and this year I hear the food is supposed to be better.
Mitchie: Let’s Hope.
Dee La Duke: Hey Camp Rockers! Next up, let’s have a big Camp Rock welcome for- Lola Scott!
Lola: Wish me luck! ￼ Who’s got, what it takes to be my guy What it takes to make, me shine What it takes to get me. fired. up??
Who’s got, what it takes to be my boo. What it takes to make, me glow. What it takes to make this, beat, floooow. Everyone talks about what they think they need
They make up a list of things: 1, 2, 3… Everyone is different, but where we can’t agree Every girl wants a boy to treat her sweet. Don’t think that bein’ mean will get you anywhere Don’t think that acting cool will make me wanna care I need your respect, if you’re gonna be the one. And if you must apply then try to get the job done. Who’s got, what it takes to be, my guy What it takes to make, me shine. What it takes to get me fired up…?
Who’s got, what it takes to be, my boo What it takes to make, me glow. What it takes to make this, beat, floooow. I’ve been contemplating What it takes to make me give my heart. Could you be, the one? Standing in the crowd? I’m waiting to find out. I’m waiting, waiting, waiting, oh. Who’s got, what it takes to be, my guy? What it takes to make, me shine. What it takes to get me, fired, up.
Who’s got, what it takes to be, my boo. What it takes to make, me glow. What it takes to make this, beat, floooow. 
Mitchie: Wow, she’s amazing!
Caitlyn: Yeah, she should be, her mom’s on Broadway.
Mitchie: Broadway?! Wow.
Caitlyn: Yea, but the kids around here don’t care about that. It’s all about the bling. That’s why Tess over there runs this camp. Greeeat! Something wicked this way comes.
Tess: Hey Caitlyn. Your folks still wowing them on the cruise ships?
Caitlyn: Actually, they work in—
Mitchie: Hi! I’m Mitchie!
Tess: Oh. Hi. I’m Tess Tyler.
Mitchie: I know. Wow, I love your mom!
Tess: Of course you do.
Mitchie: I’m Mitchie Torres.
Peggy: Hey! Is your dad Nikki Torres, the composer? My dad staged one of his shows.
Mitchie: No.
Ella: So what does he do?
Mitchie: He owns a hardware store.
Mitchie: But my mom… 
Tess: Yeah? 
Peggy: What?
Mitchie: Uh, the president- of Hot Tunes TV. In China. Yeah uh, it’s, it’s a huge market over there.
Tess: Wow. Cool.
Ella: So cool.
Peggy: Major cool! Okay, so have you met anybody?
Mitchie: Uh, Yeah, like everybody. Last summer I was in like, three music videos. Yeah, but you could hardly see me I was in the back.
Ella/Peggy/Tess: Wow!
Tess: Are you guys thinking what I’m thinking?
Peggy: Of course!
Ella: Absolutely… What are we thinking?
Tess: There’s an extra bed in our cabin- it’s yours if you want it.
Mitchie: Really?
Tess: Totally! We’re gonna be great friends. C’mon- sit with us in the V.I.P. section.
Caitlyn: I’m good, thanks for asking. SCENE ENDS
Connie: Can you believe not one of the cook books has a recipe for chili for three hundred? 
Mitchie: You don’t need a recipe, everyone loves your food. It’s official!
Connie: Really?
Mitchie: Camper’s honor.
Connie: So, how was opening night jam? Did you sing?
Mitchie: No, but I met some girls and they want me to movie into their cabin. And, I know I have to help in the kitchen- But, I’ll just get up earlier and meet you here.
Connie: Sweetie, of course you can move into their cabin. It’ll be fine. Now, I gotta get back to these cook books- Cause’ I got a rep. to protect!
Tess: Peggy! Could you please stop that? I can’t hear.
Ella: *Runs over and sits down on Peggy’s bed, holding two bottles of white-pink nail polish.* Guys- which color?
Peggy: Ella, they’re exactly the same.
Ella: So you see my dilemma!
Tess: Mom!? Hey! Yea! Yea I’m totally settled in. Guess what?! Shane Gray is—… Yeah, yea you can totally call me back. Love you too. Have a good concert. As usual.
Ella: What Tess?
Mitchie: Hey guys!
Ella: Hey Mitchie!
Peggy: Hey.
Mitchie: So, which bed is mine?
Tess: That one. 
Peggy: But…
Tess: Peggy doesn’t mind… do you?
Peggy: I guess not.
Tess: One bag? You can’t possibly have all your clothes In there.
Mitchie: Uhh, right, well I threw a lot of my clothes away. Yeah, I just got tired of them.
Tess: And you kept this? 
Mitchie: Uh, Yea well it came from China. A little boutique called Xin Xia Ji.
Peggy: Wow.
Ella: Totally wow!
Peggy: What does that mean?
Mitchie: Happy Summer. Yeah that store is the bomb… Wow, really cool bracelet!
Tess: It’s from my mom- every time she wins a Grammy, she adds a charm. 
Mitchie: Love it, totally bling-a-licious.
Peggy: So, is that your diary?
Mitchie: Ah, no- my songs.
Tess: You write songs?
Mitchie: Yea, but they’re probably not that good.
Ella: C’mon!
Peggy: Well I bet they are good. Let’s hear one.
Mitchie: No.
Tess: Why not? We’re friends now, right?
Mitchie: Uh, yeah. Okay. This is real, this is me. I’m exactly where I’m supposed to be now. Gonna let the light, shine on… Yeah… it’s, not really that good.
Peggy: What?! That was totally good, right Tess?
Tess: Totally.
Ella: What the- Mitchie?
Mitchie: You’re dreaming. You’re…A rock princess.
Ella: Okay, I rock! 
Barron: Hey, Plenty of room over here with me and Murray.
Lola: Yuck! You’re going to chase her away.
Caitlyn: As usual. Morning.
Mitchie: Hey guys.
Barron: Wassup.
Caitlyn: Slumming, I see.
Mitchie: What?
Tess: Hey Mitchie, over here.
Caitlyn: Better go, the queen awaits. Your music- are you any good?
Mitchie: I don’t know… uh, maybe… kinda.
Caitlyn: Word of advice- you wanna be friends with Tess… don’t be.
Tess: Mitchie. 
Caitlyn: See you around. *Mitchie goes to sit at Tess’s table*
Tess: What happened to you this morning?
Mitchie: Umm… early riser? Yum toast! 
Shane: What!
Brown: Rise and shine supa star.
Shane: 
Brown: Don’t make me do this Shane.
Shane: Go away. (Brown takes the flowers out of the vase by Shane’s bedside and dumps the water on Shane)Hey!!
Brown: OooO, sorry. don’t say I didn’t warn you.
Shane: Fine, I’m up, okay? I’m up.
Brown: Alright, we’ve both got classes to teach- yours starts in five. And you might wanna put that mattress out in the sun- It’s the only one you’re gonna get. Oh, can you put some water in that vase? Flowers look parched. four minutes!
Brown: Whoa! If the class is a rockin’ Imma glad I came knockin’! So!- let’s hear what I’m working with this year, who wants to sing first? *The class raises their hands and go “Ooo Ooo Ooo!”… except for Mitchiepoints to Mitchie* you.
Mitchie: Me?
Brown: Can’t argue with the finger.
Tess: I’ll do it!
Brown: Ah, no. The finger picked her.
Mitchie: Well… uh… ok.
Brown: Right, let er’ rip.
Mitchie: Who will I be? It’s up to me,
Brown: Alright, I know you’re singing a solo, but it’s so low, I can’t hear you. Alright? So, A bit louder.
Mitchie: Who will I be? it’s up to me, All the never ending possibilities That I can see, there’s nothing that I can’t do. Who will I be? Yes I Believe I get to make the future what I want to. If I can become anyone and know the choice is up to me- Who will I be?
Ella: Ugh, She’s Great!
Brown: That’s not bad, not bad at all. Is that an original?
Mitchie: Yea, but it’s (it’s) mine, but-
Brown: No buts, it’s good.
Peggy: I didn’t know you were that good! You totally rocked it!
Ella: Totally.
Mitchie: Thanks
Tess: So, I’ve been thinking and, you have to sing with us in final jam. Your vocals in the background would be like, amazing. And we never let people in our group. But you, a must. So, you want in?
Mitchie: Well, I was thinking about singing solo for final jam.
Tess: Solo in your first final jam? That’s brave.
Peggy: You’ll be fine.
Tess: Well, of course she’ll be fine, it’s just that… I know how nervous I get.
Mitchie: Well, I’m sure I’ll be nervous at first but-
Tess: In front of all those people but, yeah, you’ll be fine- you’ve done it before.
Mitchie: Done what before?
Tess: You’ve never sang in front of an audience?
Mitchie: Well, yeah, I mean choir. I mean I was never lead or anything and I was sort of in the back but, it’s still an audience.
Tess: Wow, you are brave. Come on girls, let’s get started. 
Mitchie: Well, maybe a group would be better…
Tess: If you think so…
Mitchie: Yea, no, it’ll be fun. I want to.
Tess: If your sure.
Mitchie: I’m totally sure. Uhm, I gotta run.
Tess: Where?
Mitchie: Huh? No, I mean I gotta call my mom. China time! 
Mitchie: Sorry! I’m late.
Connie: That’s okay honey. The last batch of cookies is in the oven, you can start cleaning up. I’m ‘mna take these down to the storage room.
Shane: Hello?… Hello? Hello?… I can hear you.
Mitchie: Hi…
Shane: Do you work here?
Mitchie: Uhh hhh… yes.
Shane: Wow. You really get into your work. I’m Shane, but I’m sure even the kitchen help knows that. 
Mitchie: Of course! It’s nice to meet you.
Shane: Actually, it’s not so nice. See my manager said he sent over my food allergy list, but since I couldn’t even go near my breakfast this morning- Can I just talk to whoever’s in charge?
Mitchie: Excuse me?
Shane: What.
Mitchie: Well you’re kind of being a jerk.
Shane: And you are?
Mitchie: A person! And there’s a way to talk to a person, and that’s not it.
Shane: I’ll have my manager send it over again.
Mitchie: Fine. Ahem?
Shane: Thank You?
Mitchie: Much better. Scene Ends
Shane: I don’t need a chaperone!
Brown: Seeing how you blew off your class yesterday- you sort of do.
Shane: I didn’t sign up for this! Get my agent on the phone.
Brown: Get my agent? What happened to you man? That kid on that T.V.- that’s not who you really are. *Points at Shane’s chest* In there Shane. What happened to the kid who just loved music?
Shane: He grew up.
Brown: Big whoop! Stop acting like it’s all about you.
Shane: In my world, it is.
Brown: Oh look! we’re in my world. And in my world- you’re considered an instructor at this camp, which means you’ve got to intruct. Starting, with hip-hop dance at two. And 5,6,7,8. 
Tess: Okay guys, remember- when he gets here: act cool.
Mitchie: When who gets here?
Ella: Shaaane.
Mitchie: Wait he’s teaching this class?
Ella: Mhm.
Mitchie: Great!
Ella: Is that, flower in your hair?
Mitchie: No, uh, no it’s Chinese body powder. Pretty cool, huh?
Shane: Grab a mic and a hat. Follow me if you can. … Hurry!
Shane: Hurry!
Tess: Talk about dancing to the beat of a different drum!
Shane: You any good on the drums?
Shane: Man! You’re a drummer, dude. The drummer controls the beat. The rhythm is in your hands.
Andy: Yeah, I guess.
Shane: Now we just have to work on getting that beat from those sticks to those feet.
Tess: Where were you this morning?
Mitchie: Uh, mm, oh no- 
Connie: Hi girls!
Tess: Uh, Hi
Mitchie: Hi, so um, yummy breakfast.
Connie: Oh? How would you know? There’s hardly anything on your plate.
Tess: Morning carbs- definite no no.
Mitchie: Uh, yeah.
Connie: Well I just wanted meet Mitchie’s new friends.
Mitchie: This is Ella, Peggy, and Tess. *They all greet each Connie with “Hi”s*
Connie: Well, I see you girls are really busy so I’ll talk to you later. 
Tess: Okay, do you know her?
Mitchie: Yeah, don’t you? She’s cooked for everybody- from Jessica and Nick pre-breakup, to Pharrell.
Ella: Really?
Mitchie: Yeah, I’m shocked the camp even got her.
Ella: You mean, Jessica ate these eggs? 
Mitchie: Yea.
Brown: That’s cool. It’s like your old stuff.
Shane: Yeah, I was thinking group could change up our sound, do some different stuff.
Brown: So you comin’ up to the campfire?
Shane: Ha, Yeah right.
Brown: Alright. You sit in here by yourself super star, Cause your right, way cooler.
Connie: Soo, your friends- they seem nice! Tess is, interesting.
Mitchie: I know but, she’s better once you get to know her.
Connie: Yeah? And um, have you? Have you gotten to know her?
Mitchie: Yeah, I guess.
Connie: I don’t know, she just doesn’t seem like she’s your type. You know, you’ve always been so
Mitchie: Invisible.
Connie: I was going to say independent… Hurry up and finish those potatoes if you wanna get to the campfire.
Dee La Duke: So, we call this the Campfire Jam. It’s about expression- the freedom to be who you really wanna be! … Hit it! Too Cool I’m too cool for my dress, these shades don’t leave my head. Everything ya say is soo irrelevant. You follow and I lead, you wanna be like me But you’re just a wannabe, love it or hate it. Me, myself, and I agree, you’ll never catch up with me, cuz I’m too cool. Too cool. And I’m too cool to know you Don’t take it personal, don’t get emotional You know it’s the truth I’m too cool for you. You think you’re hot, but I’m sorry you’re not ex-act-ly who, You think you are. Can’t tell you what. That you haven’t got, But when we walk into the room I’m too cool for you. You see some are born with beauty brains and talent and they got it all. While others simply try all their lives, still they never get the call. That’s the difference between you and me- Obviously. I’m a natural, I’m the real deal. Yeah I can’t help the way I am- hope you don’t misunderstand, but I’m too cool. Too cool. And I’m Too cool, to know you. Don’t take it personal, don’t get emotional You know it’s the truth I’m too cool for you. 
Caitlyn: Did you enjoy singing backup?
Shane: Can’t a guy get some piece!
Mitchie: Sorry… I mean sorry.
Shane: You said that already.
Mitchie: Sorry. Was that you playing? It sounded kinda different.
Shane: Then my usual stupid cookie-cutter pop-star stuff? Sorry to disappoint.
Mitchie: You didn’t. I liked it. I mean, it was good for “stupid cookie-cutter pop star stuff”.
Shane: Wow, you really know how to make a guy feel better.
Mitchie: I thought you loved your sound. You created it here, you’re like a Camp Rock legend.
Shane: Some legend, I only play the music that the label thinks we’ll sell. That’s it.
Mitchie: You don’t think that song would sell?
Shane: I don’t know.
Mitchie: Well, you’ll never know if you don’t try. And by the way, I know of one girl that would buy that song.
Caitlyn: Oh, I’m so sorry! Actually, I’m so not.
Tess: I would respond but
Ella: But you are responding by saying that you’re not responding.
Tess: Shut up.
Caitlyn: Okay, that was on purpose.
Tess: Does it matter? Anything makes that outfit look better.
Tess: See?
Mitchie: Stop! Guys stop! Stop!!
Caitlyn: My spaghetti slipped.
Tess: I can’t believe you did that!
Brown: Neither can I.
Brown: I hate when I have to be un-cool.
Brown: Lay it on me.
Tess yells: She’s always been jealous of me and can not stand the fact that I am probably going to win final jam so when she starts f-linging
Caitlyn yells: She’s Impossible, She walks around like she always (can’t really hear her well enough, just improvise)
Brown: Whoa! Enough! Make it plain, who was the first one to throw food.
Tess: That’s easy, Caitlyn.
Caitlyn: That’s technically true, but-
Brown: No buts. Since you wanna play with food, I can hook you up with a job this Summer. From here on out, your on kitchen duty.
Mitchie: What!… I mean, ew.
Caitlyn: But!
Brown: Again with the buts. Look, it’s settled.
Tess: Happy cooking.
Caitlyn: Thanks a lot.
Mitchie: Oh, uh-
Shane: You hungry?
Mitchie: Just a little bit.
Shane: Do you have a second.
Mitchie: Uhm… Sure.
Shane: I wanna run something by you.
Shane sings: Every time I think I’m closer to the heart Of what it means to know just who I am- I think I finally sound a better place to start But no one ever seems to understand I need to try to get to where you are, Could it bee, you’re not that faarr? You’re the voice I Hear inside my head- The reason that I’m singin’- I need to find you, I gotta find you. You’re the missin’ piece I need, the song inside of me I need to find you, I gotta find you. Been feelin lost, can’t find the words to say, Spendin’ all my time, stuck in yesterday. Where you are, is where I wanna be. Ohhh, Next to you, and you next to mEeeEe. Ohhhh, I need to find you… You’re the voice I hear inside my head- The reason that I’m singin’, I need to find you, I gotta find youuu. You’re the missin’ piece I need, the song inside of me- I need to find you, I gotta find you. 
Mitchie: Wow.
Shane: I heard this girl singing, and it kind of reminded me of the music that I liked. So I started playing around with some chords an, I know it’s not finished but-
Mitchie: No. No it’s good. It’s really good. And I don’t lie. … Why are you looking at me like that?
Shane: I don’t know, you just seem different… good different.
Mitchie: Yea, definitely… different.
Mitchie: So, I uh, I better get going.
Shane: Back to the kitchen?
Mitchie: What?!
Shane: To get some dip for these chips.
Mitchie: Oh! Haha yeaa, yea… right.
Mitchie: Hey mom, how ya doin‘?
Connie: I’m alright, how are you?
Mitchie: I’m great, I’m wonderful, I’m fantastic, I’m-
Connie: Putting chips into bowls.
Mitchie: Right.
Caitlyn: Hey Mrs.Torres.
Connie: Hi Caitlyn, Thanks for coming in early. Taco night takes the entire kitchen staff and our six hands.
Caitlyn: Six?
Connie: Yea, My daughter. So can you please start on the onions? Brown wants to talk to me about next week’s campfire pig out.
Caitlyn: Sure.
Caitlyn: Hey, you must be hands five and six. I didn’t know Connie has a daughter. I’m Caitlyn. … Do you need some help?
Caitlyn: Mitchie? Wait a minute- you’re the cook’s daughter, she’s your mom. Ohh, this is rich, but apparently- you’re not.
Mitchie: So what are you waiting for, huh? Run, go tell everybody.
Caitlyn: Maybe I should.
Mitchie: Fine, whatever.
Caitlyn: How long did you think you could keep your little secret?
Mitchie: Longer than this.
Caitlyn: Why?
Mitchie: Why do you care?
Caitlyn: Oh, I don’t. But when I tell everybody- I want the whole back story.
Mitchie: I just wanted to fit in, okay.
Caitlyn: I think you’re whole charade is stupid and immature. You’re hiding behind some crazy lie.
Mitchie: What about you, huh? You hide too. The whole “I don’t care about anything” attitude? Well if you don’t care- Why are you here.
Connie: What happened to you?
Caitlyn: She got drowned in her lies.
Connie: What, Caitlyn?
Caitlyn: Nothing.
Mitchie: Caitlyn, wait.
Connie: No no no, you can talk later. First you gotta get out of these wet clothes! Come on, ugh.
Tess: Says here in this magazine- I’m Shane’s type. It’s just a matter of time.
Caitlyn: Warm, funny, talented… you? I don’t get it.
Mitchie: Hey guys what are you doing?
Tess: The question is, what were you doing? You’re always AWOL.
Mitchie: What.
Ella: Hey Mitchie! I was thinking- after camp, maybe we could come to visit you and your mom in China, and go to that Happy Summer store.
Mitchie: Uh, sure! My mom would like that.
Tess: Okay guys, tonight is the pajama jam. So, outfit check- White shorts, and green hoodies.
Tess: What?? Green is Shane’s favorite color. It was in the magazine.
Caitlyn: The other lemmings are over there. 
Mitchie: Look Caitlyn, about what-
Caitlyn: Save it, Mitchie… if that’s even your real name.
Tess: Are we ready?
Mitchie: Where are your T-shirt and shorts?
Peggy: Yea um, I thought that we were supposed to wear the same thing.
Tess: The backup singers should wear the same thing, not the lead singer- Hello.
Dee La Duke: Next, give it up, for the awesome- Caitlyn Geller!
Caitlyn: And, this is in honor of you awesome camp rockers.
Mitchie: She’s really good!
Ella: Hey, Shane likes her too!
Tess: Help! Help there’s a snake! Snake!
Dee La Duke: It’s just the power cord to the sound system, Tess.
Tess: Oh, right- My bad.
Caitlyn: You are so full of it!
Tess: What.
Caitlyn: You can’t stand the fact that people might actually like what other people do.
Tess: 
Caitlyn: Okay, what is that?
Ella: She said- WhatEverMajorLoser.
Mitchie: Wow, Tess- “What ever major loser”? That is soo last year, I mean everyone knows that. Oh… well, I guess, not everyone. (Everyone laughs/giggles like “ohh she got served”. Tess who’s angry, followed by Peggy then Ella then a triumphant Mitchie exit the room leaving Caitlyn smiling like “maybe she‘s not as bad as I thought“) Scene ends (In the kitchen, at a table, are Mitchie and Caitlyn blowing up balloons for a themed dinner. Connie goes up to them to display to them her cupcakes decorated with quarter notes on them even though she says “eighth note cupcakes” and a cookie shaped like a CD)
Connie: Hey! Does this look like a record, girls?
Mitchie: Huh.
Connie: I mean a CD. Does this cookie look like a CD. Cause I want it to look authentic next to my, eighth note cupcakes.
Caitlyn: Everything looks great, Connie.
Connie: These theme nights are so busy, huh? Oh! I gotta go get the ice cream for my rolling stone cones. See ya later.
Mitchie: So, are you signing up for final jam?
Caitlyn: Uhhh, yeah.
Mitchie: Soo, what are you thinkin about doing?
Caitlyn: This is freaking me out- Why are we talking?
Mitchie: I don’t know. Maybe I’m, slumming. Or maybe I wanted to set you up for that!
Caitlyn: So, thank you- for yesterday. But-
Mitchie: Hey, I always stick up for my friends.
Caitlyn: It’s fun being friends with Tess.
Mitchie: How would you know?
Caitlyn: Because, I was friends with Tess. I know, it’s hard to believe.
Mitchie: More like impossible. What happened?
Caitlyn: Tess doesn’t like competition, and she felt that I, was. See, with her- there can only be one star- herself. Look, I know it’s fun being friends with her, she can make you feel so important and, an she‘s popular- but so what.
Mitchie: Oh Come on, being popular is so not a “so what”
Caitlyn: No, there are perks.
Mitchie: Like… well like-
Caitlyn: Like, singing backup to Tess all the time? Like, never getting to say what you really feel? Oh! And those exciting short outfits? Those were real high points. You’re right- sell your soul.
Caitlyn: Hey, I’m on your side.
Mitchie: Oh shoot, I was supposed to go meet up with… We’re practicing for.Final Jam.
Caitlyn: Of course, her highness awaits.
Shane singing: Hand clappin’, hip shakin’ 
Shane: Hello?
Jason: Hey buddy, how’s my birdhouse comin?
Nate: Jason!
Jason: Sorry, it’s not my fault you didn’t ask him to make you anything.
Nate: I didn’t want anything.
Jason: Well I wanted a birdhouse.
Nate: And what do you need a birdhouse for?
Jason: Cause’ I wanted to see more birds in my
Shane: Guys?… Guys.
Nate/Jason: Sorry.
Shane: Listen- about me recording with a camper-
Nate: You gotta do it, man. No go-backs.
Jason: Yeah- No go-backs it’s like, the golden rule.
Nate: No Dude, the golden rule is tell the truth.
Jason: Dude, then it can be the silver rule.
Nate: Why is it the silver rule?
Jason: Okay fine, the copper rule.
Nate: Copper rule?
Jason: Aw, give me a hand at least.
Shane: Guys!
Jason: Sorry.
Nate: Sorry.
Shane: Listen I’ve been thinking about the whole recording thing and I think it’s really cool.
Nate: Are you getting too much sun?
Jason: We can bring you a hat when we come to visit.
Shane: I’m fine. And remember, whoever wins- No go-backs. See you guys Saturday. Now I just gotta find that girl with a voice.
Shane: Hey Andy, buddy- Wanna do me a favor?
Andy: Sure. 
Lola: Let’s start, start, start the party, come on come on everyone, let’s, start, start-start the party. What’chu waitin’ for now? Start, star, start the party.
Some freaky foreign girl wearing a blue shirt who really doesn’t belong at a music camp: Start, start, start the partay. Come on come on- everyone! Let’s start start. What you waiting for?!
Some freakier foreign girl with red hair who doesn’t have the right to sing!: Make the dreams you got become real. Let’s do this. Let me hear you now. Show me how ya feel!
Three really good singing black girls that are called gospel singers in the credits but there all sisters in real life: I know you’re never gonna wanna stop. Let the music take us… to paradise, let’s close our eyes, Feel the groove, wanna shake us.
Caitlyn: Aren’t you gonna get in line?
Mitchie: Oh, it’s not me. Trust. Anyway- he’s never heard me sing. MUSIC STOPS
Shane singing: Turn on that radio, as loud as it can go- gotta dance until ma feet can’t feel the ground.
Mitchie: So uh, Does your voice sound better over here?
Shane: Why Don’t we get in one of these things and you can tell me. 
Mitchie: Haha, Really?
Shane: Yea, It’s awesome.
Mitchie: Yeah. I don’t think we’re doing this right.
Shane: What? You don’t like going in circles?
Mitchie: So, have you found your special girl yet?
Shane: Why, are you jealous?
Mitchie: Jerk!
Shane: Hey, being a jerk is part of the rock star image.
Mitchie: Keeping up an image can be tiring.
Shane: But it keeps the posers away. I never know if people are hanging with me for the free stuff, or for the parties.
Mitchie: Oh, definitely the free stuff.
Shane: Funny.
Mitchie: Come on, I know you really not a jerk. I mean you’re helping Andy with his dancing, and- those screaming girls seem to like you.
Shane: Which brings me back to the whole jealous thing.
Mitchie: I take that back! You are a jerk!
Shane: It must be the same for you too, huh.
Mitchie: What?
Shane: Cause your mom- and a job at Hot Tunes, people probably always fake around you.
Mitchie: Uh, yeah, right. Totally.
Shane: You know, it’s nice talking to someone who gets it.
Mitchie: Yeah, me too.
Mitchie: Seriously mom. Okay, we’re done with the dishes.
Connie: Okay girls, have fun at the camp fire.
Mitchie: Kay.
Caitlyn/Mitchie: Bye
Mitchie: Bye, love you mom.
Connie: Love you too, bye.
Brown: Hey gang!
Some random person: We love you Brown!
Brown: Alright, Alright! Good good good good good. Okay, score- I finally talked my nephew, into singing us a song! Shane- rock the camp!
Shane: Hey guys, I got a surprise for you. Guys- come on out.
Shane: So were gonna play something new, let us know what you think. Turn on that radio, as loud as it can go, Wanna dance until my feet can’t feel the ground Say goodbye to all my fears, One good song they dissapear And nothin in the world can bring me down. Hand clappin’ hip shakin’ heart breakin’ There’s no fakin’ what you feel when you’re right at home. Yeah Music’s in my soul, I can hear it Ev’ry day, an ev’ry night- It’s the one thing on my mind. Music’s got control And I’m never letting go, no no I just wanna play my music. Got my six-string on my back, don’t need anything but that Everything I wat is here with me So forget that fancy car I don’t need to go that far. What’s drivin’ me Is followin ma dreams Yeahh Hand clappin’ hip shakin’ heart breakin There’s no faking What you feel, when you’re on a roll - Yeah Music’s in my soul, I can hear it Ev’ry day, an ev’ry night It’s the one thing on my mind Music’s got control, and I’m never letting go, no no I just wanna play my music I just wanna play my music Can’t imgine what it’d be like (what it’d be like) Without the sound of all my heroes Singin’ all my favorite songs So I can sing along Music’s in my soul - I can hear it, Ev’ry day, an Ev’ry night It’s the one thing on my mind Music’s got control, and I’m never letting go, no no I just wanna play my music Music’s in my soul, I can hear it Ev’ry day, an Ev’ry night It’s the one thing on my mind Music’s got contol, And I’m never letting go, no no I just wanna play my music All night long 
Nate: Man, they loved it! You were right!
Jason: I know I was right! … What did I do?
Nate: Not you, Shane. The label has to let us do this.
Shane: Ha, they won’t. Look at what they made us call the band.
Jason: Yeah! How can we do that?
Nate: If we hit the studio tonight, we can get them a demo by tomorrow. Man they can’t say no once they hear this.
Jason: They can’t?
Shane: Guys, I can’t just leave. I’m not finished here yet.
Nate: Alright man, do what you gotta do.
Jason: We are talking about finishing my bird house, right?
Nate: Come on! See you at final jam.
Shane: Alright.
Mitchie: That was the best song ever! It was soo great.
Caitlyn: That was so amazing.
Mitchie: I know! And it was so-
Peggy: Sweet!
Tess: Hey Mitchie! Tell us about your mom again.
Caitlyn: Her mom is a… great person. What’s your mom like?
Barron: Uhh, she’s like a mom. Pssh.
Tess: I mean I know she’s the president of Hot Tunes TV China. But tell me again about how important she is.
Mitchie: She…
Tess: I’m sorry, what?
Mitchie: She’s pretty cool…
Tess: And?
Mitchie: And… She’s not the president of Hot Tunes TV China.
Tess: What’s that? She’s not president. You mean, you lied to everybody?
Mitchie: No! I was-
Tess: So she’s what? A Vice president? Treasurer?
Caitlyn: Tess!
Tess: Shut up. Go on, tell us.
Mitchie: No… She’s a cook.
Tess: A cook? At- Hot Tunes China.
Mitchie: No… Here.
Tess: So you lied. Your mom cooks our food- and you help her. That’s the only way you could afford this camp, right?
Caitlyn: You’re a real jerk!
Tess: Maybe, but at least I’m not a big, fat liar. Come on guys.
Peggy: Mitchie?
Tess: Mitchie has dishes to do. Let’s go.
Mitchie: Shane!
Shane: You were lying all summer.
Mitchie: Yes! But
Shane: You know I’m so used to people pretending around me!
Mitchie: I was not pretending!
Shane: And I really thought you were different! But your just like everyone else! You wanna be friends with Shane Gray, not me. Trick’s on me, huh?
Mitchie: I was just trying to-
Shane: Save it for your interview with pop informer magazine. I know I gave you an earful.
Caitlyn: Not here you don’t. Come on.
Brown: So what exactly happened last night?
Shane: Nothing.
Brown: Didn’t look like nothing to me mate. You looked crushed, pummeled, absolutely destroyed.
Shane: I got it uncle Brown. Look… whatever. I’m just gonna focus on my music, change my sound. I don’t wanna get side tracked with liking someone anyway.
Brown: You still looking for that girl? What? I’m plugged into the camp gossip mate.
Shane: It’s crazy- I have her song stuck in my head!
Shane singing: This is real, this is me, I’m exactly where I’m supposed to be now, gonna let the light 
Tess: This is real, This is me, I’m exactly where I’m supposed to be. Gonna let the light, shine on me. Mitchie- you are soo never going to see final jam.
Tess: What a joke.
Shane: Hey guys, have a seat. So final jam is coming up, and I know you’re all very excited.
People: Yeah! Whoo! 
Shane: So here’s some advice- It’s not all about your image. None of it means anything unless people see who you really are. And your music has to be who you really are, it’s gotta show how you feel- or it doesn’t mean anything.
Connie: I didn’t know you felt so ashamed of yourself…
Mitchie: I’m not ashamed! It’s just for once I just wanted to fit in and be popular.
Connie: What do you mean? You have plenty of friends at home.
Mitchie: I have one. And the last time I checked, no one was busting their butts to sit next to us at the lunch table. And when I got here I just, I just wanted it to be different. You know? Just once…
Connie: My sweetie, you are so much more then you can see- You Don’t have to lie about who or what you are. I’m not just sayin’ it cause I’m your mom! … Well okay, I admit I’m a little bit biased. Bit it is so true. You are talented. Your music speaks to people! People wanna listen to you. And it is not just me and your dad.
Mitchie: Hey guys, can I sit with you?
Caitlyn: I guess… but you have to give me your cake.
Mitchie: Okay, deal.
Barron: You know, sitting with the kitchen help is really hurtin ma rep. 
Lola: What rep? 
Caitlyn: Believe me, it’s probably not that funny.
Tess: The chicken was kind of dry. Could you tell your mom to be just a little more careful?
Mitchie: Tess. Stop talking to me like that! Stop talking to everybody like that! I may be the cook’s daughter, and my dad may not be rich, but I’m a much better person then someone who feels good about herself, because she makes everyone else feel bad. And I’ll take that any day.
Tess: If it wasn’t obvious- you are so out of the group.
Caitlyn: Then we’ll make our own group.
Caitlyn: I don’t know why this is so fascinating.
Mitchie: I don’t think you’re doing that right.
Caitlyn: wait.
Mitchie: Don’t get it in my ??(sounds like: macaroni ??, I don’t know the book said they were making macaroni and cheese) 
Tess: I’m sure they have it!
Caitlyn: Okay she has officially lost it.
Tess: No, I didn’t lose anything, you guys stole it!
Mitchie: What?
Connie: What’s going on here?
Brown: Tess thinks that Mitchie, and Caitlyn- stole her charm bracelet.
Mitchie/Caitlyn: What?!
Connie: I’m sorry Brown, but, these girls would never do such a thing.
Brown: Look, let’s just settle this alright?
Mitchie: But-
Tess: I know it was her! She was lying all summer about who she is. Who knows what else she’d lie about.
Connie: Now wait a minute!
Mitchie: Mom, don’t! If she wants to look- let her, this is stupid!
Brown: Okay, look- let me just scope this out, and then I’ll have a quick look in your cabin, alright?
Mitchie: Fine.
Caitlyn: Whatever.
Mitchie: You’re not gonna find anything, cause we didn’t ss-
Tess: That’s it! That is my charm bracelet.
Connie: There’s gotta be some mistake.
Tess: Like what, I snuck into the kitchen and-
Brown: Tess, I got this. I am totally wigged out.
Mitchie: Yeah, So are we!
Caitlyn: I’m not.
Brown: Well rules, are rules. And since it’s the end of camp I have no choice. I’ve got’to ban you guys from the rest of camp activities. Until the end of Final Jam.
Mitchie: We Didn’t do anything- she’s lying!
Brown: Do you have any proof?
Mitchie: No! but-
Brown: Then I’m sorry, my hands are tied. … Until the end of Final Jam. SCENE ENDS
Brown: Camper mates! And mate-ets. I am holding the line-up for Final Jam. I am going to pin it up on the wall. Let me get out of the room before you all come Goodness me!
Mitchie: This is so not fair!
Caitlyn: I know.
Jason: Guess who?!
Shane: Dude your in the room I can see you.
Jason: I can see you too man! I’ve missed you… Group hug! Much better. It hasn’t been the same just hugging Nate.
Nate: Yeah, it hasn’t been. So, good news- the press is here, and they’re gonna cover the whole night. The label loves it.
Shane: That’s awesome!
Jason: Hey man, where’s this amazing singer you’ve been looking for? What? I know things!
Shane: Hope’n to find her tonight…
Mitchie: This was supposed to be a fun summer that was all about music, and all I did was get caught up in Tess drama.
Caitlyn: It happens.
Mitchie: I can’t believe I agreed to be some backup singer, just because I got intimidated.
Caitlyn: That’s what Tess can do to you.
Mitchie: No, I did it to me.
Caitlyn: I’ve never seen Brown so… harsh.
Mitchie: I know, he just kept repeating- (She uses Brown’s accent) “Until the end of Final Jam”.
Caitlyn: Um, I know- I was there.
Caitlyn: What? What?
Mitchie: Come on, let’s go let’s go! 
Brown: Okay, who’s stoked?!
Brown: Okay campers, friends, family, camp rock fans- This is it, tonight… Music history will be made, as Camp Rock finds a new Final Jam winna!!
Tess: Five, Six, Seven, Eight-
Tess singing: Come on, Come on, look at you. Come on, come one look at me.
Tess: This is not amateur night. This is serious!
Ella: We did it right!
Tess: No! Ya didn’t! You never do- I’m trying to win here. You guys may be used to losing, but I’m not. I’m tired of pickin’ up the slack.
Peggy: Stop telling us, what to do! You’re the one who is ruining everything you’re too intense, all the time, and I am sick and tired of pickin’ up your slack too!
Tess: Peggy! Come back here! *Grabs Peggy’s arm* Who needs her? She was holding us back. Now you really better not mess up.
Ella: You know what!? Don’t worry about me, so it yourself- I’m done! B.T.W., your lip gloss is soo not glossy anymore!
Brown: This year, the Final Jam winner will not only get a Camp Rock trophy. And a big one, I might add, He or she is going to get a sweet prize- A chance, to record with my nephew- pop star Shane Gray!
Brown: To make sure, the right camper is chosen- We’ve invited the other members of Connect 3 to be judges!
Brown: Okay, put your hands together for Barron James, Sander Loyer, and the Hasta La Vista Crew! HASTA LA VISTA Yea, it’s ya boy Barry In the place to be (it’s crazy) Come rock with me Wouldn’t wait to leave, but now I hate to go Last day of camp, packing my bags slow Made so many friends, why does it have to end In the end it’s a win, Because we grown so close together Remember when we first met? First day Figured this would be no fun, no way And now it time to leave. But now we wanna stay OH! Hasta la vista- I’m gonna say gooodbye to you. Whateva happens I’ll be cool with you. Wanna gimme your number, I’ll call ya. Promise I wont forget ya Hasta la vista We’ll all be going our separate ways Say everything you didn’t say This is your moment, before you go Come on now, get up and show them Keep doin your thing, thing, thing Keep doin your thing, thing, thing Keep doin your thing, thing, thing Keep doin your thing, thing, thing H-A-S-T-Aaaayy x2) Hasta la vista, I’m gonna say goodbye, to you Whatever happens I’ll be cool with you Wanna give me your number- I’ll call ya, Promise I won’t forget ya Hasta la vista, We’ll all be going our separate ways Say everything you didn’t say This is your moment, before you go Come on now, get up and show them H-A-S-T-Aaaayy H-A-S-T-Aaaayy Hasta La Vista! 
Brown: Oh my goodness! Okay! Now, let’s give it up for a group that has the “IT” factor. Whatever “IT” is… The IT girls!
Tess: Mom??! 2 STARS Wake up, When will things be good enough for you to see All that we can be I’m sick, playing games and actin Like we never care. Like we’re never there. We pay attention For only seconds Look at you, Look at me There’s never any us, can’t you see- All we can become We can shine, like the sun. If we believe that 2 stars are brighter then one C’mon, C’mon, C’mon… Look at you C’mon, C’mon, C’mon… Look at me Is it too much too ask… That you put us first. Oh I feel like we’re last, in our universe And that’s not where we oughta be Look at you, Look at me- There’s never any us, can’t you see All we can become. We can shine like the sun, If we believe that 2 stars are brighter than one. C’mon, C’mon, C’mon- look at you C’mon, C’mon, C’mon- look at me C’mon, C’mon, C’mon- look at you C’mon, C’mon, C’mon 
Brown: Well! It looks like we are basically finished the comp-
Brown: Put it on pause, we have a last minute addition. Come on up- Margaret Dupree!
Ella: Who’s Margaret?
Peggy: I am.
Ella: Go Margaret! Here I am They tell you a good girl, is quiet That you should never, ask why ‘Cause it only makes it harder to fit in You should be happy, excited. Even if you’re just invited Cause the winners need someone to clap for them It’s so hard just waiting, in a line that never moves It’s time you started making, your own rules. You gotta scream until there’s nothing left With your last breath Say Here I Am, Here I Am- make em’ listen Cause there’s no way you’ll be ignored Not anymore, say Here I Am, Here I Am, Here I Am, the world better make some room, yea Move over, over. Cause you’re comin’ through Cause you’re comin thorugh. You gotta scream until there’s nothin’ left With your last breath, Here I Am, Here I Am Cause there’s no way you’ll be ignored Not anymore, say Here I Am, Here I Am. Here I Am, uh uh oh Here I Am, uh uh oh Here I Am 
Tess: Peggy?
Peggy: What.
Tess: You were really good, I didn’t know you were that good and when someone’s that good, someone should tell them.
Peggy: Thanks.
Tess: And I’m sorry.
Brown: Wow! That was amazing I know! I know! Alright, alright, alright, settle down. Settle down sunshine. Whoo! I guess that’s it! It’s officially, the end of Final Jam. And time for our judges to go off in private and well… judge.
Brown: So, I’ll check you in a minute.
Brown: Scuse’ me, just, just a minute.
Mitchie: It’s the end of final jam.
Brown: I was so hoping you’d catch on. Now get out there, steal their hearts and rock it puppet! This is Me I’ve always been the kind of girl That hid my face So afraid to tell the world What I’ve got to say But I have this dream, bright inside of me I’m gonna let it show It’s time, to let you know To let you know This is real, this is me, I’m exactly where I’m supposed to be now Gonna let the light Shine on me Now I’ve found, who I am There’s no way to hold it in No more hiding who I wanna be This is me Do you know what it’s like
Shane: That’s the song!
Nate: So that must be the girl.
Jason: Ya think! To feel so in the dark To dream about a life Where you’re the shining star Even though It seems Like it’s too far away I have to believe, in myself It’s the only way… This is real, this is me, I’m exactly where I’m supposed to be now Gonna let the light, Shine on me. Now I’ve found, who I am There’s no way to hold it in No more hiding who I wanna be This is meeeeeeeeee
Shane singing: You’re the voice I hear inside my head, The reason that I’m singin’ I need to find you, I gotta find you You’re the missin’ piece I need The song inside of me I need to find you, I gotta find you! This is real, this is me, I’m exactly where I’m supposed to be now Gonna let the light Shine on meeeeEEeEee There’s no way to hold it in No more hiding who I wanna be- This is Me
Brown: Okay gang, this is it… The winner, of Final Jam this year is, drum roll please… Margaret Dupree!
Mitchie: You won! You won!
Ella: You gotta go! You gotta go!
Brown: Way to go, Margaret- You just got yourself a chance to record with Shane Gray!
Shane: Congratulations Peggy, You deserved it, you were amazing.
Mitchie: You did it! I mean, I did it! 
Tess: You guys were really great.
Mitchie: Thanks.
Caitlyn: Yeah.
Tess: Soo, I told Brown you guys didn’t take my bracelet.
Mitchie: Wow. Um, thank you.
Tess: See you next summer.
Mitchie: Uh, sure.
Steve: Mitchie! You were fabulous!
Connie: Honey, I’m sorry you didn’t win.
Mitchie: But I did- I won the best summer of my life, thanks to you. 
Connie: I’ll see you in a few, kay?
Shane: So I guess my search is over.
Mitchie: That depends on who you’re looking for. Hi, I’m Mitchie.
Shane: I’m Shane. You up for a canoe ride later?
Mitchie: I wouldn’t miss it. 
Brown: Alriight! Okay, camp rockers! Final Jam is over, and you know what that means? My favorite part of the summer- the Final Jam, jam session.
Dee La Duke: Let’s kick it! Whoo! WE ROCK Cause we Rock We rock We rock on We rock, we rock on Come as you are, you’re a super star World in your pocket and you know it You can feel the beat Running through your feet Heart’s racin’ fast- you’re rock n’ Rollin’ All that you need is the music To take you to some other place Where you know, you beloooOoOOoOhaang Raise your hands up in the air and scream We’re findin our voice, folowin our dreams Cause we rock, we rock, we rock on Nobody in the world’s gonna bring us down The louder we go, well the better we sound Cause we rock, we rock, we rock on We got the music in our souls And it’s the thing we want the most It picks us up when we fall down It turns our world aaroooound Cause we rock, camp rock, camp rock Ev’ry day and ev’ry night Cause we rock, camp rock, we rock we rock on It’s all we want to do in liiiiiiiIIIiife Raise your hands up in the air and scream We’re findin our voice, folowin our dreams Cause we rock, we rock, we rock on Nobody in the world’s gonna bring us down The louder we go, well the better we sound Cause we rock, we rock, we rock on Raise your hands up in the air and scream We’re findin our voice, folowin our dreams Cause we rock, we rock, we rock on Nobody in the world’s gonna bring us down The louder we go, well the better we sound Cause we rock, we rock, we rock on We rock, we rock, on We rock, we rock, CAMP ROCK!!! THE END
