Bagheera: Many strange legends are told of these jungles of India. But none so strange as the story of a small boy named Mowgli. It all began when the silence of the jungle was broken by an unfamiliar sound. It was a sound like one never heard before in this part of the jungle. It was a man-cub. Had I known how deeply I was to be involved, I would have obeyed my first impulse and walked away. lies down on the branch and looks at him playfully] This man-cub would have to have nourishment, and soon. It was many days travel to the nearest man-village and without a mother's care, he would soon perish. Then it occurred to me. A family of wolves I knew had been blessed with a litter of cubs lair and puts the basket right before the entrance. Mogli lies silent and Bagheera pushes the basket to make him cry and hides fast. Wolves come out and look at Mowgli] Why, there'd be no problem with the mother, thanks to maternal instinct, but I wasn't so sure about Rama, the father. looks at cute Mowgli again and smiles too. The My Own Home theme starts in the background as they carry basket with baby Mowgli into the wolf lair.] Ten times the rains have come and gone. And I often stopped by to see how Mowgli, the man-cub, was getting along. He was a favorite with all young wolf cubs of the pack.
Mowgli:	Whoo-whoo-whooo!
Bagheera: No man-cub was ever happier. And yet.I knew that someday he would have to go back to his own kind. Then one night, the wolf pack elders met at Council Rock. Because Shere Khan, the tiger, had returned to their part of the jungle. This meeting was to change the man-cub's entire future.
Akela:	Shere Khan will surely kill the boy and all who try to protect him. Now, are we all in agreement as to what must be done? Now it is my unpleasant duty to tell the boy's father. Rama! Come over here, please.
Rama:	Yes, Akela?
Akela:	The Council has reached its decision. Man-cub can no longer stay with the pack. He must leave at once.
Rama:	Leave?
Akela:	I am sorry, Rama. There is no other way.
Rama:	But-but the man-cub is-is like my own son. Surely he's entitled to the protection of the pack.
Akela:	But Rama, even the strength of the pack is no match for the tiger.
Rama:	But the boy cannot survive alone in the jungle.
Bagheera: Akela, perhaps I can be of help
Akela:	You, Bagheera? How?
Bagheera: I know of a man-village where he'll be safe. Mowgli and I have taken many walks into the jungle together. I'm sure he'll go with me.
Akela:	So be it. Now there's no time to lose. Good luck.
Mowgli:	Bagheera, I'm getting a little sleepy. Shouldn't we start back home?
Bagheera: Mowgli, this time we're not going back. I'm taking you to a man-village.
Mowgli:	But why?
Bagheera: Because Shere Khan has returned to this part of the jungle and he has sworn to kill you.
Mowgli:	Kill me? But why would he wanna do that?
Bagheera: He hates men. And Shere Khan is not going to allow you to grow up to become a man - just another hunter with a gun.
Mowgli: Uhh, we'll just explain him that I'd never do a thing like that.
Bagheera: Nonsense! No one explains anything to Shere Khan!
Mowgli: Well, maybe so. But I'm not afraid. And besides I
Bagheera: Now that's enough. We'll spend a night here. Things will look better in the morning. Man-cub? Man-cub! Now come on, up this tree. It's safer up there.
Mowgli: Uh, I don't want to go back to the man-village.
Bagheera: Go on. Up you go.
Mowgli:	That limb way up there?
Bagheera: Try Is that all the better you can climb?
Mowgli:	It's too, it's too big around! And besides, I don't have any claws.
Bagheera: Now, get some sleep. We've got a long journey ahead of us tomorrow.
Mowgli:	Uh, I wanna stay in the jungle.
Bagheera chuckles: Huh? heh, you wouldn't last one day.
Mowgli:	I am not afraid. I can look after myself.
Kaa:	Ss-say now, what have we here? It's a man-cub. A delis-ci-ous man-cub.
Mowgli:	Oh, go away and leave me alone.
Bagheera: Oh, that's just what I should do, but I'm not. Now, please, go to sleep, man-cub.
Kaa:	Yes-ss, man-cub, please go to sleep, please go to sleep, sleep little man-cub rest in piece. Sleep. ss-sleep
Mowgli: Ba, bah Bagheera 
Bagheera: Oh, no. Look, there's no use arguing anymore. Now, no more talk 'till morning.
Kaa chuckles: He won't be here in the morning
Bagheera: Huh? Oh yes, he will,.Kaa! Hold it, Kaa!
Kaa:	Ohhh, my sinus-ss. You have just made a ss-serious mistake, my friend. A very ss-stupid
Bagheera: Now, now, now, Kaa, I was
Kaa:	Mistake! Look me in the eye when I'm speaking to you.
Bagheera: P-please, Kaa
Kaa:	Both eyes if you please. Kaa's coils off the branch] You have just ss-sealed your doom. oooh!
Mowgli:	Look, Bagheera! Heh-heh, look, Bagheera? Wake up, Bagheera.
Bagheera comes up: Ah, duh, wha
Kaa: Just you wait 'til I get you in my coils. stems]
Mowgli:	Bagheera, he's got a knot in his tail! Kaa Hee-hee-hee. He's got a knot in his tail.
: Ooo! This is going to slow down my slithering.
Mowgli: Ha-ha-ha.
Bagheera: So you can look out for yourself, can you? So you want to stay in the jungle, do you?
Mowgli: Yes, I want to stay in the jungle.
Bagheera: D'oh! Now for the last time, go to sleep! Man-cub, huh.man-cub, ahh..
Elephants march and sing: Hup, two, three, four Keep it up, two, three, four Hup, two, three, four Keep it up, two, three, four Hup, two, three, four
Mowgli:	A parade!
Bagheera: Oh, no! The Dawn Patrol again.
Hathi:	Company.sound off!
Elephants sing: Oh, the aim of our patrol
Elephant # Is a question rather droll
Elephants:			For to march and drill Over field and hill
Hathi:				Is a military goal
all:				Is a military goal! With a hup, two, three, four Dress it up, two, three, four By the ranks or single file Over every jungle mile Oh we stamp and crush Through the underbrush
Hathi Jr.:			In the militaly style!
Elephants:			In the military style
Mowgli: Hello. What are you doing?
Hathi Jr.: Shh. Drilling.
Mowgli: Can I do it too?
Hathi Jr.: Sure. Just do what I do. But don't talk in rank. It's against regulations.
Hathi:	To the rear.March!
Hathi Jr.: The other way. Turn around.
Hathi:				Hup, two, three, four Keep it up, two, three, four. To the rear.Ho! Company.Halt!
Hathi Jr.: That means stop.
Hathi:	Company.Left face!
Winifred: March, march, march. My feet are killing me.
Elephant # I am putting in for a transfer to another herd.
Hathi:	Silence in the ranks! Dress up that line. Pull it in, Winifred Inspection.arms!
Hathi Jr.: Stick your nose out.
Mowgli: Like this?
Hathi Jr.: That's right.
Hathi: Tsk-tsk-tsk. Dusty muzzle. Soldier, remember in battle that trunk can save your life. Take good care of it, my man.
Elephant # Yes, Sir!
Hathi: Very good, carry on. Ahem. Hmm. Let's have a little more spit and polish on those bayonets
Elephant # Yes, Sir!
Hathi:	Esprit de Corps! That's the way I earned my commission in the Maharaja's pachyderm brigade. Back in '88 it was, or was it?
Winifred: Here it comes, the Victoria-cross bit again.
Hathi:	It was then I recieved the Victoria Cross for bravery above and beyond the call of duty. Ha-ha! Those were the days! Discipline. Discipline was the thing. Builds character and all that sort of thing. Oh.Where was I? Oh, yes. Inspection. Well, very good. Wipe off that silly grin, soldier. This is the army Ahem. Eyes front. Tsk-tsk-tsk. Leutenant, that haircut is not regulation. Rather on the gaudy side, don't you think? There. That's better. And as for you Oh, there you are. Heh-heh-heh. Let's keep those heels together, shell we, son?
Hathi Jr.: Okay Pop.Sir!
Hathi:	That's better. Well, new recruit, eh? Ha-ha-ha.I say, what happened to your trunk?
Mowgli:	Hey, stop that!
Hathi sputters: A man-cub! This is treason! Sabotage! I'll have no man-cub in my jungle!
Mowgli: It's not your jungle.
Bagheera arrives fast: Hold it! Hold it, I can explain, Hathi!
Hathi:	Colonel Hathi, if you please, sir.
Bagheera: Oh, yes, yes. Colonel Hathi. The man-cub is with me. I'm taking him back to the man-village.
Hathi:	To stay?
Bagheera: You have the word of Bagheera.
Hathi:	Good. And remember, an elephant never forgets. Humph! I don't know what the army's coming to. These young wippersnappers, who do they think they are? Ahem, let's get on with it. Right face! Forward.march!
Winifred: Dear, haven't you forgotten something?
Hathi:	Nonsense, Winifred, old girl. An elephant never forgets.
Winifred: Well, you just forgot our son.
Hathi:	Ah yes.Son? Son? Oh yes, quite right.To the rear.march!
Hathi Jr.: When I grow up, I'm gonna be a colonel. Just like my
Hathi picks him up: If I told you once, I've told you a thousand times
Hathi Jr.: Pop! Look out! Book now takes place]
Hathi Jr.: Gee, Pop. You forgot to say 'halt'
Mowgli: Ha-ha-ha. He said an elephant never forgets.
Bagheera: It's not funny. Let's get out of here quick before anything else happens.
Mowgli: Bagheera, where are we going?
Bagheera: You're going back to the man-village right now.
Mowgli: I am not going.
Bagheera: Oh, yes you are.
Mowgli: I am staying right here.
Bagheera: You're going if I have to drag you every step away away]
Bagheera: Let go, you
Mowgli:	You, let go of me! against a log]
Bagheera: Oh, that does it! I've had it, man-cub. From now on, you're on your own. Alone!
Mowgli:	Don't worry about me.
Bagheera: Ah. Foolish man-cub. sounds from nearby bushes. Baloo comes in]
Baloo :		Doo-bee doo-bee doo-bee dee-doo Well, it's a doo-bah-dee-do Yes, it's a doo-bah-dee-do I mean a doo-be doo-bee doo-be Doo-be doo-bee doo And with Well now, ha-ha! What have we here? Hmm.Hey, what a funny little bit of a Ow!
Mowgli:	Go away!
Baloo:	Oh boy, I've seen everything in these woods, what have I run on? What a pretty thing this is!
Mowgli:	Leave me alone.
Baloo:	Well now, that's pretty big talk, little britches
Mowgli: I'm big enough notice that]
Baloo:	Ha-ha.tsk-tsk-tsk. Pitiful. Hey, kid, you need help. And old Baloo is gonna learn you to fight like a bear. Now come on, I'm gonna show you. Grrr. Ha-ha. Yeah! All right now kid, loosen up, get real loosen, then start to weave, weave a little, now move, that's it. Now give me a big bear growl, scare me!
Baloo:	Tsk-tsk-tsk. Oh boy. I'm talking about like a big bear! who was walking away all this time hears it.]
Bagheera: He's in trouble. I shouldn't have left him alone!
Mowgli:	Grrr.
Baloo:	GRRR!
Mowgli: Grrr.
Baloo:	A big one, right from your toes.
Mowgli: How's that?
Mowgli: Grrr.
Baloo: Ha-ha-ha, ya, you're getting it, kid.
Bagheera: Oh no! It's Baloo! That shiftless stupid jungle bum.
Baloo:	Weave about, now look for an opening. Keep movin', keep Ha-ha! Ya, you're getting it kid, ha-ha. Come on, that's it. Ha-ha-ha! He's a dandy! out on the ground]
Bagheera: Heh-heh. Fine teacher you are, old Iron Paws.
Baloo:	Oh thanks, Bagheera.
Bagheera: Yeah, tell me, tell me after you know your pupil senseless, how do you expect him to remember the lesson?
Baloo:	Well, I, I didn't mean to lay it on him so hard.
Mowgli: I'm not hurt. I'm all right. I'm a lot tougher than some people think.
Baloo:	You better believe it! Now let's go once more. Now you keep ciclin' or I'm gonna knock your roof in again, you better keep movin' Ooph! Hey! Right on the button! Ah, ha-ha, no, no-no, now you're tickling. ha-ha-ha No, no, we don't do that here, no cheating, no, you're tickling, I can't stand tickling, heh-heh-heh. Help, Bagheera!
Bagheera: Now that's all he needs. More confidence.
Mowgli:	Give up, Baloo?
Baloo:	I give up, I told ya. Oh, I give Hey, ha-ha. You know something? You're all right, kid. What do they call you?
Bagheera: Mowgli. And he's going back to the man-village right now.
Baloo:	Man-village? They'll ruin 'im! They'll make a man out of 'im.
Mowgli:	Oh, Baloo, I want to stay here with you!
Baloo:	Certainly you do.
Bagheera: Oh? And just how do you think you will survive?
Baloo:	How do you think you will - What do you mean How do you think you will? He's with me, any, And I'll learn him all I know
Bagheera: Well, heh, that shouldn't take too long.
Baloo:	Look, now it's like this, little britches. All you've got to do is.
:			Look for the bare necessities The simple bare necessities Forget about your worries and your strife I mean the bare nevessities, Are Mother Nature's recipies That bring the bare necessities of life Wherever I wander Wherever I roam I couldn't be fonder Of my big home The bees are buzzing in the tree To make some honey just for me When you look under the rocks and plants And take a glance at the fancy ants Then maybe try a few.
Mowgli:	You eat ants?
Baloo:	Ha-ha, you better believe it! And you're gonna love the way they tickle.
Bagheera: Mowgli, look out!
Baloo:				The bare necessities of life will come to you
Mowgli: When?
Baloo:				They'll come to you Look for the bare necessities The simple bare necessities Forget about your worries and your strife I mean the bare necessities That's why a bear can rest at ease With just the bare necessities of life Now when you pick a paw-paw Or a prickly pear
Mowgli: Ow!
Baloo:				And you prick a raw paw Well, next time beware Don't pick the prickly pear by the paw When you pick a pear try to use the claw But you don't need to use the claw When you pick a pair of the big paw-paw Have I given you a clue?
Mowgli:	Golly, thanks, Baloo!
Bagheera: Paw-paw, ha! Of all the silly gibberish
Baloo: Come on, Baggy, get with the beat! The bare necessities of life will come to you
Mowgli:				They'll come to me!
Baloo:				They'll come to you How 'bout scratchin' that old left shoulder while you're up there, Mowgli? Now just a hair lower.There, right there. That's it. Ahh.This is beautiful. That's good. Kid, we've got to get to a tree, this calls for some big scratch!
Mowgli: You're lots of fun, Baloo!
Baloo:	Right on it.Yeah! That's delicious! Oh, ooo! Just a little bit mmm.yeah.ha-ha.ooo. Mm.mmm.ha-ha.ooo. yeah! Oh man, this is really livin'. So just try and relax. Yeah. Cool it. Fall apart in my back yard. 'Cause let me tell you something little britches. If you act like that bee acts, uh-uh. You're working too hard. And don't spend your time looking around for something you want, that can't be found
:			When you find out you can live without it And go along not thinking about it And I'll tell you something true The bare necessities of life will come to you.
Bagheera walks away: Ahh.I give up. Well I hope his luck holds out.
Baloo:	Mowgli, how 'bout you singing?
Baloo and Mowgli:		Look for the bare necessities, The simple bare necessities Forget about your worries and your strife
Mowgli:	Yeah, man!
Baloo and Mowgli:		I mean the bare necessities, That's why a bear can rest at ease With just the bare necessities of life
Baloo:	Yeah!
Baloo and Mowgli:		With just the bare necessities of life
Mowgli:	Yeah, man!
Baloo:	Ha-ha-ha. Beautiful. That's real jungle harmony.
Mowgli:	I like being a bear.
Baloo:	That's my boy. You're gonna make one swell bear. Why, you even sing like one.
Baloo :		Doo-be-doo.Doo-be-wee be-doo Hey Mowgli, how 'bout you flickin' that old mean fly off of your papa bear's nose? Ouch! Ha, ha! Boy, when you flick a fly you really Why you, flat-nosed, little-eyed, flaky creep!
Mowgli: Hey! Let go of me!
Baloo:	Take your flea-picking hands off my cub!
Monkey # Come on and get him, champ!
Monkey # He's no champ, he's a chump!
Mowgli: Baloo!
Monkey # Yeah! ha-ha! A big hothead!
Baloo:	Okay you guys asked for it, I'll ooh!
Monkey #4: That'll cool him off!
Baloo:	Give me back my man-cub!
Monkey # Here he is, come and get him!
Monkey # That's how a bear can rest at ease!
Monkey #?: Here's some bare necessities!
Baloo:	Now just try that again you
Monkey #?: What's that you hit him with?
Monkey #?: That was a bare necessity.
Baloo: Turn him loose or I'll jerk a knot in your tail
Monkey # We give up, here he comes!
Mowgli: Whoa! Baloo, catch me! Baloo!
Monkey #?: Back up, back up! Faster, faster, faster!
Monkey #?: A rolling bear gathers no hair!
Mowgli: Baloo! Help me! Baloo, they're carrying me away!
Baloo yells: Bagheera! Bagheera!
Bagheera: Well, it's happened. Took longer then I thought but it's happened.
Baloo yells: Bagheeraaaaa!
Baloo:	Oh, you heard me, huh?
Bagheera: Mowgli? Mowgli? All right, what happened? Where's Mowgli?
Baloo:	They ambused me, thousands of them! I jabbed with my left, then I swung with the right, and then I
Bagheera: Oof, for the last time, what happened to Mowgli?
Baloo:	Like I told ya, them mangy monkeys carried him off.
Bagheera: The Ancient Ruins. Oh, I hate to think what will happen when he meets that king up there.
Louie scat-sings:	Ding ding lo-la diddly-o zing boing Sca-be-do, hoo-be-do, zee-bo do-zeb Diddly-doo dee-hoy I wanna be a man-man one or-rang-a-tang tang
Monkey #?: Ha, ha, we got him, King Louie!
Monkey #?: Man, we got him, we got him!
Louie:	Ha, ha, ha, So you're the man-cub? Crazy!
Mowgli:	I'm not as crazy as you are! Put me down! You cut that out!
Louie:	Cool it, boy. Unwind yourself. 	Do-doot doot-doot do Now come on. Let's shake, cousin.
Mowgli:	What do you want me for?
Louie:	Word has grabbed my royal ear, have a banana, that you want to stay in the jungle.
Mowgli: Stay in the jungle? I sure do.
Louie:	Good. And ol' King Louie,
:	Bop-boo do-bay doo-boo-do that's me, can fix it for you. Have two bananas Have we got a deal?
Mowgli: Yes, sir. I'll do anything to stay in the jungle.
Louie:	Well then. I'll lay it on the line for ya. 	A bop-bop do-do do-be-do Now I am the king of the swingers, oooh The jungle V.I.P I've reached that top and had to stop And that's what's botherin' me I wanna be a man, man-cub, And stroll right into town And be just like the other men, I'm tired of monkeyin' around Ohh, oobie-do,
Monkeys:	Bop-do-wee
Louie:			I wanna be like you
Monkeys:	Hum dee oobee-do-ba
Louie:			I wanna walk like you
Monkeys:	Tee
Louie:			Talk like you,
Monkeys:	Too
Louie:			Too!
Monkeys:	Wee be-dee be-dee do
Louie:			You see it's true,
Monkeys:	Shoo-ba dee-do
Louie:			An ape like me
Monkeys:	Shoo-be do-bee do-bee Can learn to be Human too the small servant monkey] Roo-baka-tee-gah, roo-baka-tee-gee Zoo-baka too-baka too-baka too-baka too-baka Too-bee pau-wagau to-pah
Mowgli:	Gee, cousin Louie, you're doing real good.
Louie: Now, here's your part of the deal, cuz. Lay the secret on me of man's red fire.
Mowgli: But I don't know how to make fire
Louie sings:		Now, don't try to kid me, man-cub I made a deal with you What I desire is man's red fire To make my dream come true Now give me the secret, man-cub Come on, clue me what to do Give me the power of man's red flower So I can be like you
Bagheera: Fire! So that's what that scoundrel's after.
Baloo:	I'll tear him limb from limb, I'll beat him, I'll.I'll.ummm, yeah, well, man, what a beat!
Bagheera: Will you stop that silly beat business and listen! This will take brains, not brawn.
Baloo:	You better believe it! And I'm loaded with both.
Bagheera: Would you listen?
Baloo:	Oh, yeah, yeah
Bagheera: Now, while you create a disturbance I'll rescue Mowgli. Got that?
Baloo: I'm gone then, solid gone.
Bagheera: Not yet, Baloo!
for Mowgli, Baloo enters, dressed up as a big probably female monkey :]
Baloo:	Hey! 	Da-zaap bon-ronee Hap ba-dee dee-lap-da-non Hene-bebe-re, Doot zaba-doo-dee-day Doo-bam doo-boo-bee-bay Bo-bom, za-ba-pa-panney!
Louie:			Abba-do-dee?
Baloo:			With a reep-bon-naza!
Louie:			Eh ba-daba doy
Baloo:			Well-a-la-ba zini
Louie:			War-la-bop, boor-la-bop
Baloo:			See-ble-bop, dooney
Louie:			Ooh, ooh, ooh!
Baloo:			With a huh, huh, huh, huh!
Louie:			Rrrawr, rrrawr
Baloo:			Get mad, baby!
Louie:			Hada-lada hada-lada
Baloo:			With a hada-lada hadoo-doo
Louie:			Oodle-loodle-oodle-loodle
Baloo:			Ooh-doo-daa-daa-daa
Louie:			Doodle-doot, doodle-doot
Baloo:			Zee-ba-da-da Haba-da
Louie:			Yoo-hoo-hoo
Monkeys:	Bop-do-wee
Louie:			I wanna be like you
Monkeys:	Hum dee oobee-do-ba
Louie:			I wanna walk like you
Monkeys:	Dee
Louie:			Talk like you
Monkeys:	Too
Baloo:			Too-oo-oo!
Monkeys:	Wee be-dee be-dee do
Everybody:		You see it's true, hoo-hoo Someone like me-ee-ee Can learn to be like someone like me
Baloo:	Take me home, Daddy!
Everybody:		Can learn to be like someone like you
Louie:	One more time!
Baloo alone: Yeah!	Can learn to be like someone like me Zee-dee-dee bop-bop-botta Doodle-dat un-dat un-dat un-dat un-dat un-dat.Ehh..
Monkey #?: It's Baloo, the bear!
Monkey #?: Yeah, that's him!
Monkey #?: How'd he get in there?
Mowgli:	Baloo, it's you. Baloo/Bagheera several times resulting in desctuction of Ancient Ruins]
Baloo:	Whew. Ha ha ha. Man, that's what I call a swingin' party. and Bagheera talking}
Bagheera:.and furthermore, Mowgli seems to have man's ability to get into trouble, and your influence hasn't been exactly
Baloo:	Shhh! Keep it down, you're gonna wake little buddy. Yeah. He's had a big day, it was a real sockaroo. You know it ain't easy learning to be like me.
Bagheera: Pah! A disgraceful performance. Associating with those undesirable, scatterbrained apes. Huh. I hope he learned something from that experience.
Mowgli in sleep mumbles: Yeah.scooby-dooby, dooby-doo..
Baloo:	Ha, ha. That's my boy.
Bagheera: Oh, nonsense. Baloo, come over here. I'd like to have a word with you.
Baloo comes over: A word? You gonna talk some more? All right, what's up Bagheera?
Bagheera: Baloo, a man-cub must go back to the man-village. The jungle is not the place for him.
Baloo:	I grew up in the jungle. Take a look at me.
Bagheera: Yes, just look at yourself. Look at that eye.
Baloo: Yeah. It's beautiful, ain't it?
Bagheera: Frankly, you're a disreputable sight.
Baloo:	Why, you don't look exactly like a basket of fruit yourself.
Bagheera: D'oh! Ballo, you can't adopt Mowgli as your son.
Baloo:	Why not?
Bagheera: How can I put it? Baloo, birds of a feather should flock together. Baloo shrugs.
Bagheera: You wouldn't marry a panther, would you?
Baloo:	I don't know. Ha ha, come to think of it, no panther ever asked me.
Bagheera: Baloo, you've got to be serious about this.
Baloo:	Oh, stop worrying, Baggy, stop worrying, I'll take care of him
Bagheera: Yes, like you did when the monkeys kidnapped him, huh?
Baloo:	Can a guy make one mistake?
Bagheera: Not in the jungle. And another thing, sooner or later, Mowgli will meet Shere Khan.
Baloo:	The tiger? What's he got against the kid?
Bagheera: He hates man with a vengeance, you know that. Because he fears man's gun and man's fire.
Baloo:	But little Mowgli don't have those things.
Bagheera: Shere Khan won't wait until he does. He'll get Mowgli while he's young and helpless. Just one swipe
Baloo:	No. Well, what are we gonna do? slowly getting brighter. By the way, their swollen eyes were getting better throughout the conversation as well - completely healed by now]
Bagheera: We'll do what's best for him.
Baloo:	You better believe it, you name it now I'll do it.
Bagheera: Good. Then make Mowgli go to the man-village.
Baloo: 	Are you out of your mind? I promised him he could stay here in the jungle with me!
Bagheera: That's just the point. As long as he remains with you, he's in danger. So it's up to you.
Baloo:	Why me?
Bagheera: Be-because he won't listen to me.
Baloo:	I love that kid. I love him like he was my own cub.
Bagheera: Then think of what's best for Mowgli and not yourself.
Baloo:	Well, can't I.Well can I wait until morning?
Bagheera: It's morning now. Go on, Baloo.
Baloo walks to Mowgli: Uh..
Mowgli in sleep: Ummmm.
Baloo gulps: Oh boy. Mowgli? Mowgli? Uh, it's time to get up.
Mowgli wakes up and stretches: Oh. Hi Baloo
Baloo:	Hi. Hey, rub that sleep out of your eyes. You and me, eh, we've got a long walk ahead of us.
Mowgli:	Swell! We'll have lots of fun together.
Baloo:	Sure. yeah. Yeah, uh.let's hit the trail, kid. See you around, eh, Bagheera.
Mowgli: Well, good-bye Bagheera. Me and Baloo, we've got things to do.
Bagheera: Good-bye man-cub. And good luck.
Mowgli: Come on, Baloo. All we've got to do is.		Look for the bare necssities Some good old bare necessities Forget about your worries and your strife. I mean the bare necessities, That's why a bear can rest at ease With just the bare necessities of life. Yeah! I'll live here in the jungle all my life! Yeah, man! I like being a bear. Where are we going, Baloo?
Baloo:	Well, ah.it's a.um, well it's sort of new and
Mowgli: Oh, I don't care, as long as I'm with you.
Baloo:	Mowgli, look buddy, there's something I've got to tell you.
Mowgli: Tell me what, Baloo?
Baloo:	Gee whiz. How did old Baggy put it? Ah, Mowgli? Hah, you wouldn't marry a panther, would you?
Mowgli: Heh-heh. I don't even know what you're talking about.
Baloo:	Mowgli, don't you realize that you're a human?
Mowgli: I'm not anymore, Baloo. I'm a bear like you.
Baloo:	Little buddy, look, listen to me.
Mowgli:	Come on, come on, Baloo.
Baloo:	Now Mowgli, stop it now, now hold still. I wanna tell you something, now listen to me.
Mowgli: What's the matter, old papa bear?
Baloo:	Look Mowgli, I've been trying to tell you, I've been trying all morning to tell you, I've got to take you back to the man-village!
Mowgli: The man-village??
Baloo:	Now look, kid, I can explain.
Mowgli:	But you said we were partners
Baloo:	Now believe me, kid, I, I
Mowgli: You're just like old Bagheera
Baloo:	Now just a minute, that's going too far Hey, Mowgli, where are you going? Wait a minute! Stop! Wait! Wait! Listen to ol' Baloo. Mowgli? Mowgli? Mowgli! Mowgli? Mowgli?
Bagheera: Now what's happened?
Baloo:	You're not going to believe me, Bagheera, but look, now I used the same words you did, and he ran out on me.
Bagheera: Why, don't just stand there. Let's separate. We've got to find him
Baloo:	Oh, if anything happens to that little guy, I'll never forgive myself. I've got to find him. Mowgli? Mowgli? elephants trumpet and the deer runs away]
Elephants march and sing:	Hup, two, three, four Hup, two, three, four Keep it up, two, three, four.
Shere Khan: What beastly luck. Confound that ridiculous colonel Hathi.
Hathi:	Comany, sound off!
Elephants march and sing:	Oh we march from here to there
Elephant #			And it doesn't matter where #2 is #6, and Winifred who was #1 is now #7 - all backwards except that Hathi is still ahead of the herd and Hathi Jr. behind it]
Elephants:			You can hear us push Through the deepest bush Hup, two, three, four
Hathi:				With a military air!
Elephants:			With a military air.
Bagheera: The jungle patrol.
Elephants:			We're a crackerjack bridage On a pachyderm parade But we'd rather stroll To a water hole
Hathi Jr:			Hup, two, three, four
Elephants:			For a furlough in the shade
Bagheera arrives: stop! Wait a minute.HALT!!!
Hathi:	Who said Halt? I give the commands around here. Now speak up, who was it?
Bagheera: Oh, it was me, colonel.
Hathi:	What do you mean, taking over my command? Highly irregular you know.
Bagheera: Colonel, I am sorry, but-but I need your help.
Hathi:	Impossible. We're on a cross-country march.
Bagheera: It's an emergency, colonel. The man-cub must be found.
Hathi:	What man-cub?
Shere Khan: How interesting.
Bagheera: The one I was taking to the man-village.
Hathi:	It's where he belongs. Now sir, if you don't mind, we'd like to get on with the march.
Bagheera: No, no, you don't understand, Hathi. He's lost. He ran away.
Shere Khan: How delightful.
Hathi:	Well, serves the young wippersnapper right.
Bagheera: But-but Shere Khan, the tiger, he's sure to pick up the man-cub's trail.
Hathi:	Ha, ha. Shere Khan. Nonsense, old boy. Shere Khan isn't within miles of here. Sorry Bagheera. Fortunes of war and all that sort of thing you know.
Winifred walks to Hathi: This has gone far enough.Now just a minute, you pompous old windbag!
Hathi:	Winifred? WHat are you doing out of ranks?
Winifred: Never mind. How would you like our boy lost and alone inthe jungle?
Hathi:	Our son? But Winifred, old girl, that's an entirely different matter.
Winifred: Humph!
Hathi:	Different. Entirely.
Winifred: That boy no differnet than our own son. Now you help find him or I'm taking over command.
Hathi:	What? A female leading my herd? Utterly preposterous.
Hathi Jr.: Pop, the man-cub and I are friends. He'll get hurt if we don't find him. Please, Pop? Sir? Please?
Hathi:	Now, don't you worry, son. You father had a plan in mind all the time.
Winifred: Huh. Sure you did.
Hathi:	Troopers, Company, left face! Volunteers for a special mission will step one pace forward. then notices it and step behind too]
Hathi:	Ha, ha. That's what I like to see. Devotion to duty. You volunteers will find the lost man-cub.
Bagheera: Thank you colonel. Now there's no time to lose.
Hathi:	Yes, well. Good luck.
: When the man-cub is sighted you will sound your trumpet 3 times
Elephant # Yes sir.
Hathi:	Shh. Not now soldier.
Elephant #	Sorry, sir.
Hathi comes to Elephant # Leutenant, our strategy shall be the element of surprise. You will take one squad and cover the right flank
Elephant # Yes sir.
Hathi: And I shall take the other squad on the left flank 	Company!!! Forward.March!
Shere Khan: Element of surprise? I say. Ha, ha, ha. And now for my rendezvous with the lost man-cub.
Mowgli: Kaa, it's you!
Kaa:	Yesss, man-cub, so nice to see you again. sss-sss-sss.
Mowgli: Oh, go away. Leave me alone.
Kaa:	Let me look at you. You don't want me to look at you? Then you look at me.
Mowgli: No sir. I know what you're trying to do, Kaa.
Kaa:	You do? Uh, I mean, you don't trust me.
Mowgli:	No!
Kaa:	Then there's nothing I can do to help?
Mowgli:	You want to help me?
Kaa:	Ss-certainly. I can see to it that you never have to leave this jungle.
Mowgli:	How could you do that?
Kaa:	Hmm? Oh, I have my own ss-subtle little ways. But first, you must trust me.
Mowgli:	I don't trust anyone anymore.
Kaa:	I don't blame you. I'm not like those so-called fair-weather friends of yours. You can believe in me. 		Trust in me Just in me Shut your eyes And trust in me Hold still, please You can sleep Safe and sound Knowing I Am around Slip into silent slumber Sail on a silver mist Slowly and surely your senses Will cease to resist You're snoring.
Mowgli: Sorry.
Kaa:			Trust in me And just in me Shut your eyes And trust in me
Kaa:	Huh? Ow, now what? I'll be right down. Yes? Yes? Who is it?
Shere Khan comes from behind the tree: It's me, Shere Khan I'd like a word with you, if you don't mind.
Kaa:	Shere Khan. What a ss-surprise.
Shere Khan: Yes, isn't it? I just dropped by, forgive me if I've interrupted anything.
Kaa:	Oh no, nothing at all.
Shere Khan bares claws: I thought you were entertaining someone up there in your coils.
Kaa:	Coils? Someone? Oh, I was just curling up for my siesta.
Shere Khan: But you were singing to someone. Who is it, Kaa?
Kaa:	Uh, who? Uh, no. Well I was just singing to myself.
Shere Khan: Indeed.
Kaa:	Yes, yes, you see, I have trouble with my ss-sinuses.
Shere Khan: What a pity.
Kaa:	Oh, you have no idea. It's ss-simply terrible. I can't eat, I can't ss-sleep, so I sing myself to sleep. You know, self-hypnosis. Let me show you how it works. 			Trust in me. it to the ground] Mmm-fff!
Shere Khan: I can't be bothered with that. I have no time for that sort of nonsense.
Kaa: Some other time, perhaps?
Shere Khan: Perhaps. But at the moment I am searching for a man-cub.
Kaa: Man-cub? What man-cub?
Shere Khan: The one who is lost. Now where do you suppose he could be?
Kaa shrugs: Search me.
Shere Khan: That's an excellent idea. I'm sure you wouldn't mind showing me your coils, would you, Kaa?
Kaa:	Uh, ss-certainly not. Nothing here And nothing in here. sounds]
Kaa:	My ss-sinuses.
Shere Khan: Hmm. Indeed. And now, how about the middle?
Kaa:	The middle? Oh, the middle.
Kaa:	Ha-ha, absolutely nothing in the middle.
Shere Khan: Hmmm. Really? Well, if you do just happen to see the man-cub, you will inform me first. Understand?
Kaa gulps: I get the point. Cross my heart, hope to die.
Shere Khan: Good show. And now I must continue my search for the helpless little lad.
Kaa:	Ooh, who does he think he's fooling? Helpless little lad Ooh, he gives me the shivers Picking on that poor little helpless boy.oh, yes, poor little helpless boy. on some branches along the way - just like earlier.]
Kaa:	Oooh!
Mowgli:	You told me a lie, Kaa. You said I could trust you.
Kaa:	It's like you said. You can't trust anyone! If I never see that skinny little shrimp again, it will be too soon. Ooh.my ss-sacroiliac.
Buzzy yawns: Hey, Flaps, what we gonna do?
Flaps:	I don't know. What you wanna do?
Ziggy:	I got it! Let's flap over to the east side of the jungle! They've always got a bit of action, a bit of a swinging scene. All right?
Buzzy:	Ah, come off it! Things are right dead all over.
Ziggy:	You mean you wish they were!
Dizzy:	Very funny.
Buzzy:	Okay, so what we gonna do?
Flaps:	I don't know, what you wanna do?
Buzzy:	Look, Flaps, first I say, what we gonna do? and then you say, what you wanna do?, they I say, what we gonna do?, you say what you wanna do?, what you gonna do, what you wanna - let's do something!
Flaps:	Okay. What you wanna do?
Buzzy:	Oh, blimey, there you go again. The same once again!
Ziggy:	I've got it! This time, I've really got it.
Buzzy:	So you got it. So what we gonna do?
Dizzy:	Hold it lads. Look, look what's coming our way.
Flaps:	Hey, what in the world is that?
Ziggy:	What a crazy looking bunch of bones.
Dizzy:	Yeah, and the're all walking about by themselves
Buzzy:	So what we gonna do?
Flaps:	I don't know and now don't start that again!
Ziggy:	Come on lads, come one let's have some fun with this little fella, this little 
Flaps:	Blimey, he's got legs like a storky.
Buzzy:	Like a stork, heh-heh, but he ain't got no feathers.
Mowgli:	Go ahead. Laugh. I don't care.
Dizzy:	What's wrong with him?
Flaps:	I think we overdid it.
Dizzy:	We were just having a bit of fun that's all.
Buzzy:	Just look at him. What a poor little fella. You know, he must be down on his luck.
Dizzy:	Yeah, or he wouldn't be in our neighbourhood.
Buzzy:	Hey, new kid, wait a minute, hey!
Mowgli:	Just leave me alone.
Buzzy:	Oh, come on, come on, what's wrong? You know, you look like you haven't got a friend in the world.
Mowgli:	I haven't.
Dizzy:	Haven't you got a mother or a father?
Mowgli:	No. Nobody wants me around.
Buzzy:	Yeah, we know how you feel.
Dizzy:	Nobody wants us around, either.
Buzzy:	We may look a bit shabby, but we've got hearts.
Dizzy:	And feelings, too.
Buzzy:	And just to prove it to you, we're gonna let you join our little group.
Flaps:	Kid, we'd like to make you an honorary vulture.
Mowgli:	Thanks, but I'd rather be on my own alone.
Buzzy:	Uh, now look, kid, everybody's got to have friends. Hey, fellas, are we his friends?
Flaps,Dizzy,Ziggy sing:		We're your friends We're your friends We're your friends to the bitter end
Buzzy:				The bitter end
Flaps:				When you're alone
Buzzy, Dizzy, Ziggy:		When you're alone
Flaps:				Who comes around?
Buzzy, Dizzy, Ziggy:		Who comes around?
Flaps:				To pluck you up
Buzzy:	give us a smile
Buzzy, Ziggy, Dizzy:		When you are down
Flaps:				And when you're
Flaps, Ziggy, Dizzy:			outside looking in who's there To open the door?
Buzzy: come on, kid, we need a tenor
Flaps, Ziggy, Dizzy:		That's what friends are for. Who's always eager to extend A friendly claw? That's what friends are for And when you're lost In dire need Who's at your side At lightning speed We're friends of ev'ry creature Coming down the pike In fact we never met an animal We didn't like
Buzzy: Heh, heh. you take it kid
Vultures with Mowgli:		Didn't like
Buzzy:				So you can see
Ziggy:					can see
Buzzy:				We're friends
Ziggy, Dizzy:				we're friends
Buzzy:				We're friends in need
Ziggy, Dizzy, Flaps:			friends in need
Buzzy:				And friends indeed Friends indeed 
Buzzy: Take it easy lads, steady, steady.
Ziggy, Dizzy, Flaps:		You're staying in the jungle.
Buzzy: W-w-watch it!
Vultures:			Forevermore
Buzzy:					b-bore..
Shere Khan:			That's what friends Are For! Bravo, bravo! An extraordinary performance. And thank you for detaining my victim.
Flaps:	D-don't mention it, your highness.
Shere Khan: Ha-ha-ha. Boo.
Dizzy:	Let's get out of here
Buzzy:	Give me room! Run friend! Run!
Mowgli:	Run? Why should I run?
Shere Khan: Why should you run? Could it be possible that you don't know who I am?
Mowgli: I know you all right. You're Shere Khan.
Shere Khan: Precisely. Then you should also know that everyone runs from Shere Khan.
Mowgli:	You don't scare me. I won't run from anyone.
Shere Khan: Ah, you have spirit for one so small. And such spirit is deserving of a sporting chance. Now, I am going to close my eyes and count to ten. It makes the chase more interesting. For me. One. Two. Three. Four.You're trying my patience. 5-6-7-8-9-10! by the tail]
Baloo:	Run, Mowgli, run!
Shere Khan: Let go, you big oaf!
Baloo:	Take it easy, hold it, hold it. Whoa, easy, easy.
Buzzy:	He's got a tiger by the tail.
Dizzy:	And he'd better hang on, too.
Baloo:	Yeow!
Mowgli hits Shere Khan with the branch: Take that, you big bully!
Flaps:	Let him have it! Hit him!
Mowgli:	Baloo, help me!
Baloo:	Somebody do something with that kid
Dizzy:	Come on, lads!
Buzzy:	He's safe now, ha-ha-ha, you can let go, Baloo!
Baloo:	Are you kiddin'? There's teeth on the other end!
Shere Khan: I'll kill you for this!
Mowgli: Let go! Baloo needs help!
Buzzy:	Fire! It's the only thing old stripes is afraid of!
Flaps:	Get the fire, we'll do the rest
Vultures: Charge! Punch and blow!
Shere Khan: Stay out of this, you mangy fools.
Buzzy:	Yeah, yeah, missed by a mile! Yeah, pull his blinkin' whiskers!
Flaps:	He's a bloomin' pussycat!
Dizzy:	Look behind you, chum.
Buzzy:	Well, that was the last of him.
Ziggy:	Old stripes took off like a flaming comet
Buzzy:	Well, come on, let's go congratulate our friend.
Dizzy:	Hold it, fellas. Now's not the time for it. Look.
Mowgli:	Baloo? Baloo, get up. Oh please, get up. Oh.
Bagheera: Mowgli, try to understand.
Mowgli:	Bagheera, what's the matter with him?
Bagheera: You've got to be brave, like Baloo was.
Mowgli:	You don't mean oh, no, Baloo.
Bagheera: Now, now. I know how you feel. But you must remember, Mowgli, Greater love hath no one than he who lays down his life for his friend. When great deeds are remembered in this jungle one name will stand above all others. Our friend, Baloo the bear.
Baloo:	He's cracking me up.
Bagheera: The memory of Baloo's sacrifice and bravery will forever be engraved on our saddened hearts.
Baloo:	Beautiful.
Bagheera: This spot where Baloo fell will always be a hallowed place in the jungle, for there lies one of nature's noblest creatures.
Baloo:	I wish my mother could've heard this.
Bagheera: It's best we leave now. Come along, man-cub.
Baloo raises and speaks loud: Don't stop now, Baddy, you're doing great! There's more, lots more!
Bagheera: Why you, big fraud! You, you four-flusher! I-I'm fed up!
Mowgli:	Baloo, you're all right!
Baloo:	Ha-ha. Who me? Sure I am. Never felt.better.
Mowgli:	You sure had us worried
Baloo:	Ahh, I was just takin' five. You know, playing it cool. he-ha, but he was too easy.
Mowgli: Good old papa bear.
Dizzy:	It's going to be a bit dull without the little bloke, isn't it?
Buzzy:	Yeah, so what we gonna do?
Flaps:	I don't know and now don't start that again!
Baloo:	Hey Baggy, too bad you missed the action. You should have seen how I made a sucker out of stripes with that left in his face. Boom, boom, I was giving him wham!. You know, we're some good sparring partners.
Mowgli:	You better believe it!
Baloo:	Yes, sir! Nothing or nobody is ever gonna come between us again.
Girl sings:			My own home My own home My own home My own home
Mowgli:	Look, what's that?
Bagheera: Oh, it's the man-village.
Mowgli:	No, no, I mean that.
Baloo:	Forget about those, they ain't nothing but trouble.
Mowgli:	Just a minute. I've never seen one before.
Baloo:	So you've seen one, so let's go
Mowgli:	I'll be right back, I want a better look.
Baloo:	Mowgli, wait a minute
Bagheera: Ahh Baloo, let him have a better look.
Girl sings:			Father's hunting in the forest Mother's cooking in the home I must go to fetch the water 'Til the day that I am grown 'Til I'm grown 'Til I'm grown I must go to fetch the water 'Til the day that I have grown in some bushes] Then I will have a handsome husband And a daughter of my own And I'll send her to fetch the water I'll be cooking in the home Mmm-mmm Mmm-mmm Then I'll send her to fetch the water I'll be cooking in my home it rolls to Mowgli]
Girl:	Oh!
Baloo:	She did that on purpose!
Bagheera: Obviously. and walks to the village, humming. Mowgli carries water after her]
Baloo:	Mowgli, come back, come back!
Bagheera: Go on, go on! shrugs, and enters the village]
Baloo:	He is hooked.
Bagheera: Ahh, it was inevitable Baloo. The boy couldn't help himself. It was bound to happen. Mowgli is where he belongs now.
Baloo:	Yeah. I guess you're right. But I still think he'd have made one swell bear. Well, come on, Baddy buddy. Let's get back to where we belong. And get with the beat!
:			Look for the bare necessities The simple bare necessities
Bagheera and Baloo:		Forget about your worries and your strife I mean the bare necessities Are Mother Nature's recipies That bring the bare necessities of life. of sunset} THE END A Walt Disney Production
